He'll look beyond handsome in this patterned tie.   2 5/8 wide polyester spot clean imported
Dramatically designed with a diamond-shaped, acrylic crystal-studded upper, these pumps make a bold statement. polyester/acrylic upper 4¼ heel rubber sole
As pure and dazzling as your love, this spectacular 5/8 ct. t.w. white and lab-created blue sapphire ring set is fashioned in polished sterling silver and is sure to take her breath away.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones:5/8 ct. t.w. round white and lab-created blue sapphires Setting: Prong and pavé Gallery Height: 5.2mm   Some diamonds may be treated and require special care; diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Chic and sophisticated, this comforter set features a gunmetal gray geometric design that reverses for a fresh, modern look. gunmetal gray geometric tile design reverses to coordinating allover geometric design 2-piece Twin set includes: comforter sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: comforter 2 shams Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton sham(s). Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x86; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20
Our quarter-zip shirt features cozy microfleece fabric that’s made for your active, outdoor needs. mockneck side pockets quarter zip long sleeves polyester washable imported
This toothbrush holder featuring contemporary geometric patterns in a metallic color will play up your bathroom texture. divided sections for separate brushes 11.22x7.48x4.92H coordinating bath accessories are sold separately resin wipe clean imported
Express your fun personality with an extra layer of pretty in our open-front blazer vest. open front 29¾ length polyester/rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Our colored maternity skinny jeans have that great fit and feel you love with a happy color. skinny leg 31 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Relax and enjoy the premium quality and comfort of these sandals from Stacy Adams. leather upper slip on rubber sole
Perfect for traveling and long days at the office, our St. John's Bay easy care shirt takes the fuss out of your everyday routine. easy care fabric box pleat button collar left chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported  
These tough motorcycle boots combine style and function that's great for both western and motorcycle tastes.  Motorcycle Boots:oil-tanned leather upper harness strap with O ring 11 shaft height comfort cushion insole snoot toe oil-tanned leather oil-resistant rubber sole
With plenty of pockets to carry all of her favorite things, these cotton cargo shorts are a great fit for those casual, warm weather days. 5 inseam. Measurements relate to regular size 10, other sizes will vary flat front with flaps 2 side pockets, 2 back pockets with flaps elastic waist with non-functional drawstring faux fly 100% cotton washable imported
You'll be on their minds long after you've left in the vibrant hues of our striped shantung dress, complete with a grosgrain belt and exposed back zipper. extended shoulders exposed back zipper ribbon bow-belt 36½ length from shoulder shantung polyester lined machine wash, line dry imported
Kick up your elegant style when you pair our long-sleeve lace shrug over your favorite tops and dresses. open front long sleeves 17 length lace polyester/nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat made in America RETURNS: This shrug must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
  Stunning genuine red garnet adds rich color and subtle sparkle to your look.   Metal: 14K white gold Stones: 7x9mm genuine oval red garnet Back: Post Dimensions: 7x9mm   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Get the modern-look you want in our city-fit jeans, with flared cropped legs to add a little extra style.  sits below waist zip and button closure 5-pocket styling flared cropped leg 29 inseam cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
The ombre print of our maxi skirt is a fantastic look that works for any occasion.  sits at waist elastic waist approx. 38 length polyester washable imported
One of our most popular Ambrielle Everyday silhouettes is back and better than ever. Featuring a new innovative back-smoothing design, our full-coverage microfiber bra redefines sleek for a smoother, sexier shape.   Style: full coverage; provides you with the most coverage Padding: lightly lined cups shape and secure your bust; includes underwire for shape and support Fabric: nylon/spandex Care: hand wash, line dry Origin: imported  
Protect your body from treacherous outdoor conditions with a Work King high-visibility rain jacket.   2 silver 3M® Scotchlite reflective tape on 4 contrast fluorescent backing ANSI 107-2010 Compliant Class 3, Level 2 CSA-Z96-09 Compliant - Class 2, Level 2 ripstop to prevent tears from spreading lay down collar fully seam-sealed, quick-release snaps at hood outer and inner pockets dual front fly with snaps to expel water rear vents adjustable cuffs polyester oxford ripstop with PU coating polyester arms and hood polyester mesh body hand wash imported
Our denim shorts feature rolled cuffs for a cool, casual distressed look. button and zip fly 5-pocket styling embroidered details mid rise 5½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our Nike Benassi Solarsoft slide sandals offer water-resistant cushioning, making it an excellent choice for all your outdoor activities.   technology Nike Solarsoft foam footbed with built-in grooves for optimal drainage and airflow harder durometer Solarsoft foam provides durable traction and stability construction rubber/synthetic upper rubber sole details seamless construction for comfort flex grooves on the sole provide a more natural range of motion
Use our sterling silver box chain necklace as the perfect accent for your favorite pendant.  Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 16 box chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Weave chic, two-tone shine into your morning commute or after-hours revelry with a ¼ ct. t.w. black and white diamond ring. It’s set in sterling silver for a look that surpasses trends and will remain in rotation for years to come.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. genuine white and color-enhanced black diamonds White Diamond Color: I-J White Diamond Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong and channel Diamonds may be treated and may require special care; diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
true Be able to cook the way you need to with this double wall oven that has a True European Convection upper oven and a traditional lower oven. Large meals are easy with capacity that fits more at one time. 8.6 cu. ft. total oven capacity (4.3 cu. ft. in each) glass touch controls so you can set temperatures quickly and clean with little effort ten-pass bake element ensures even baking with heat that covers more surface area, eight-pass broil element gets full broil coverage and even browning from edge to edge hidden bake oven interior makes cleanup easy by eliminating hard-to-reach areas true European convection lets you achieve delicious results from a third heating element and fan combination WiFi Connect: wirelessly control oven functions from your smartphone self-clean with steam clean option (both ovens): clean your oven the way you want self-clean, heavy-duty oven racks: conveniently clean your oven and racks together halogen oven lighting lets you easily see how your food is baking
A jean designed to fit comfortably around the waist with a stylish bootcut and a look and feel you'll love.   short inseam: 30 regular inseam: 32 cotton/elastane machine wash, dry flat imported  
This strapless, wirefree bandeau bra with feminine lace trim is perfect as a comfortable and attractive first layer.   shirred elastic prevents rolling and curling multiple back adjustments nylon/LYCRA® spandex machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #1800
Your Frozen fan will love ruling over the wintry city of Arendelle in this beautiful Elsa costume. crewneck long sleeves Elsa cameo mesh overlay metallic accents polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Pair these tall harness boots with your favorite skinny jeans for instant style. Featuring double-zipper closure, the shaft can be expanded to accommodate tucked-in jeans, and the finger loop makes for easy on/off.   technology double zipper technology on the shaft gives you an extra 2 in circumference construction synthetic upper finger loop at top outer shaft details 1½ heel height ½ platform 16½ shaft height 16¼ shaft circumference 18¼ shaft circumference with double zipper open ankle strap with O-ring detail cushioned footbed sueded sock rubber sole
Our figure-flattering fit-and-flare dress is designed in a bold stripe fabric with on-trend mixed materials. scoopneck sleeveless exposed zipper in back 43 length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
The training core shorts from Nike are comfortable with a relaxed fit and Dri-FIT properties to keep you cool and dry.   Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric relaxed fit for ease of movement elastic waist with inside drawcord 2 pockets 10 inseam polyester knit mesh washable imported
The quilted look of this decorative pillow gives it a textural look perfect for adding dimension to your bed.   coordinates with the Amhurst comforter set subtle design matches any decor Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Achieve that “no-show” look under your favorite tops with our balconette full-figure bra by Ambrielle Mystique. The perfect essential for wider necklines, it features lightly lined cups and offers a smooth lift you’ll love.   Style: balconette; wider-set straps with moderate coverage; perfect for wider necklinesPadding: lightly lined molded cups smoothly shape and support your bust; includes underwire for shape and supportPolyester/nylon/spandexCup and back wing: nylon/spandexCare: hand wash, line dryOrigin: imported
Easy to match and easy to wear, these gray cargo pants are an easy choice for comfort and style. prewashed for softness ribbed waist with functional drawstring cargo pockets canvas fabric 100% cotton washable imported
Our Legacy oxford polo brings crisp, heathered style to your casual days, for a look that’s both relaxed and refined. lay-flat collar 2-button placket tennis tail with taped side vents cotton washable imported
This shelf/sweater storage bag is ideally sized to store your favorite sweaters, shirts and handbags safely while using the powerful aromatic properties of natural red cedar to repel pests and moisture for better storage.    holds 12 or more sweaters or other fine linens cedar base supports the bag’s contents and prevents sagging sturdy canvas sides provide flexible support for bulky and delicate items industrial zipper on three sides provides easy access Wood/canvas. Measures 25x18⅛x7H. Wipe clean. Imported.
When is a tie more than just a tie? When it’s textured and striped like this one.   3.25 wide silk spot clean imported
Whether you're working out or running—or heading to the coffee shop afterwards—our fitted bootcut pants with slimming tummy control will keep you comfortable. tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin key pocket at inside waistband bootcut legs 32 inseam jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported
With reduced layering that enhances flexibility, our youthful athletic shoes give him plenty of comfort to go with his sporty style. technology articulated Phylite carrier outsole construction mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole details self-adhesive closure toe and heel pods help reduce wear
Add a pop of color to your little prepster's wardrobe with this classic short-sleeve polo.   point collar 2-button placket cotton washable imported
Cozy, cute and totally comfortable, our pull-on booties feature a faux-fur cuff with button embellishments to complete your little one’s winter look.   synthetic upper fleece lining rubber sole
Crafted of panel-seamed, natural pine, the Nashville media chest offers the practical elegance of heirloom pieces collected over time, while still maintaining a pulled-together look.   solid pine construction antiqued, glazed and satin finishing in natural umber finish wood dowel, bolt and lock washer joinery 2 open compartments with wire management in back panel 3 drawers with appearance of 4 full-extension metal side guides 1 adjustable shelf behind door Measures 48Wx18Dx38H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.  
For that cool, laidback look that never goes out of style, nothing beats a soft, all-cotton graphic tee from Levi's. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Add this suzani-patterned wicker double cushion to your patio seating for extra comfort and a burst of color. It's fade resistant and water repellant, making it the perfect outdoor update. fade resistant water repellant polyester with polyester fill spot clean 42x19x5 finished and filled in America with imported materials
Providing unmatched support in an easy to slip on design, our slide sandals are the perfect go-to for warmer temperatures. construction soft suede leather upper durable TPR rubber outsole details adjustable hook-and-loop closure multi-density cushioning 1 1/8 heel height
Must-have tailored boyshorts boast a super-soft cotton-blend and feminine details, making them simply perfect for everyday wear.   cotton/spandex washable imported  
With a textured finish and a gunmetal buckle, this reversible belt complements just about any outfit.   gunmetal buckle polyurethane/leather imported
Easy, breezy and basic, our handkerchief tank top is perfect for a sunny day outside. roundneck 29 length rayon hand wash, line dry imported
This personalized canvas/leather messenger bag offers a classically rugged presence with plenty of room for necessities. Whether used as a laptop bag, carry-on luggage, or just a handsome personalized messenger bag, it will be the perfect gift for any man. may be engraved with three block initials at no additional cost adjustable leather shoulder strap, 45 drop 2 front leather buckle closure straps, 1-2½ adjustment 2 protective fold in side coverings 10 interior storage pocket 3½x12½x11 H exterior: stonewashed cotton canvas with leather accents interior: stonewashed cotton canvas cotton/leather spot clean, air dry imported
A solid tie is a staple of any wardrobe, and our silk tie fits the bill perfectly.   3¼ wide; 58 long 100% silk spot clean imported
These slip-on sandals are perfect for quick trips or short walks through the neighborhood with their timeless look. synthetic upper slip on rubber sole
Go chic day or night in our trendy riding boots boasting a high silhouette, ornamental accent and stretchy panel on the shaft for a snug yet comfortable fit. Also available in wide calf. textile/synthetic upper 1 heel 19¼ shaft height side zipper elastic gore rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
Store baby's first foods safely in these Glasslock containers. They're BPA free and the clear, tempered glass won't stain or absorb odors and makes it easy to identify the contents. soda-lime tempered glass containers won't stain or absorb odors clear glass design makes it easy to see what's inside BPA free 4-latch airtight and leak-tight lids microwave, refrigerator and freezer safe 6-piece set includes: three 0.9-cup round containers with lids: 3¼x3¼x2½H Glass with polypropylene lids and silicone gaskets. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
You'll love our textured layered top as a dressy option with bold style, featuring an open-front shell and detachable necklace. roundneck polyester/rayon shell polyester inner hand wash, dry flat imported
Sleep soundly in these comfortable knit pajama shorts from Stafford, featuring an adjustable drawstring waist, convenient pockets and jovial allover print. classic fit elastic waist with drawstring button fly 2 side-seam pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Get an accurate cut every time with the easy-to-use clipper in this haircut kit—simply remember your numbered comb for consistent cuts time after time. stainless steel blades feature a 5-position taper control for a total of 55 different accurate-length cuts clipper is number-coded and comes with an easy-to-read chart on/off and 5-position taper controls Includes: 10 numbered comb attachments: ⅛, ¼, ⅜, ½, ⅝, ¾, ⅞, 1 right and left ear comb styling comb barber cape cleaning brush 2 styling clips lubricating oil scissors blade guard storage case Plastic housing/stainless steel blade. Measures 3x2½x9H. Wipe clean. Imported.  
With the comfy texture of your favorite sweatshirt, our French terry Bermuda shorts easily complement your laidback style. mid rise straight leg elastic waistband with drawstring side-seam pockets 9½ inseam black, navy, white: cotton charcoal: cotton/polyester washable imported
He'll love the fun Mickey Mouse print and comfy cotton feel of our Disney tee. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
The Nike Dri-FIT® low-cut socks give you the moisture-wicking performance and cushioned support you need.   dri-FIT® moisture technology wicking keeps feet cool and dry maximum breathability cushioned footbed for comfort arch compression for perfected fit polyester/nylon/cotton/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 8-12
Reversing from black to tan, this pebble-grain textured belt is a cinch to match all your outfits.   1 W polyurethane imported  
Create an artistic retreat in your bathroom with these plush Sculpted bath towels featuring a woven jacquard pattern.   unique textured design soft and absorbent 6-piece set includes:  two bath towels  two hand towels  two washcloths  Cotton. Washable. Imported. Bath towel: 28x54 Hand towel: 16x28  Washcloth: 13x13 You can purchase these towels individually, but your best value is to buy the six-piece set together. The set will give your bathroom a coordinated look and feel while saving you money. Care tip: Avoid contact with skincare products to help minimize towel spotting or bleaching.
The fun print design of these shorts from The Foundry Supply Co. will bring some life to your cool casual style. extendable waistband relaxed fit zip closure flat front straight leg 2 front pockets 2 back pockets hemmed cotton washable imported
Fitted performance leggings are brushed on the inside to keep you warm and comfortable during cold-weather workouts. Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won’t irritate your skin reflective details for low-light visibility brushed interior for softness against your skin pocket at inside waistband elastic waist 28½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Fitted through the hip and thigh, our city-fit boyfriend jeans sit below your waist, with skinny legs just begging to be rolled up to your ankles. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 29 inseam rolled, 32 unrolled cotton/spandex washable imported
true When you're looking for a cooking experience that's both convenient and powerful, this slide-in range provides is a great pick. With a spacious oven capacity and powerful burner settings that make everything from boiling to simmering a breeze, it's the perfect upgrade that's sure to make your home chef happy. 5.6 cu. ft. oven capacity provides plenty of room to cook more dishes at once 17,000 BTU Power Boil burner delivers intense, fast heat for boiling center round burner is perfect for cooking delicate foods and sauces Precise Simmer burner allows you to cook delicate foods with low, even heat heavy-cast edge-to-edge grates allow for easy movement between burners convenient front knob controls provide easy access to settings without reaching over elements gas convection oven circulates heat for high-quality results black gloss oven interior gives a clean and sleek appearance GE Fits! Guarantee ensures an exact fit that makes replacement easy 39¼x31¼x29⅜
Mealtime will be a blast when he's wearing our cute bibs. includes 4 bibs hook and loop closure 3-layer lining cotton/polyester or 100% cotton washable imported
Our Liz Claiborne swim top has a wild side with a sassy, strappy back that will update, refresh and excite your swimwear collection.    ladder back straps built-in pushup bra nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
Feeling blue? These drop earrings boasts a floral motif with Swiss blue topaz and opals that will certainly brighten your mood.Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: 3mm round genuine Swiss blue topazOther Stones: 5x3mm pear-shaped lab-created opalsSetting: ProngBack: WireDimensions: 29.05mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our handsome leather dress shoes from Nunn Bush combine classic good looks with cutting-edge comfort technology.   technology Pli-flex construction features leather sole with rubber tap for flexibility construction soft kidskin leather upper  rubber sole details slip on kiltie style overlay with tassel embellishment genuine hand-sewn construction D(Medium) 2E(Extra-Wide)  
Pair these skinny pants with a dress shirt or polo for a preppy, school-ready look. adjustable waist with button closure decorative back-pocket detailing small zippers at the back of each pant leg cotton/spandex washable imported
true Sensor cooking controls automatically adjust times and power levels for optimal results. There are 10 cooking levels for boiling, reheating and defrosting. The extra-large 16 turntable is the ideal size for accommodating oversized dishes. 2.2 cu. ft. capacity 1100 Watts instant on controls for one-touch instant operation control lockout helps prevent accidental activation add 30 seconds of microwave cooking time kitchen timer helps keep you on track
Prepare for total comfort and a slimming style when you slip into our Secretly Slender denim bermuda shorts. Secretly Slender Technology is designed with a built-in panel to flatten and instantly slim your tummy medium and dark wash only have flap pockets button-and-zip closure five-pocket styling 11 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex white: cotton/spandex washable imported
What it is:A luxurious cleansing brush designed with silky-soft, finely tapered bristles and silicone cushions to gently massage the skin.What it does:This brush heightens the benefits of foaming cleansers while providing gentle facial massage for increased well-being and more thorough cleansing. It features a curved handle that is designed to provide ease of use and effective cleansing over facial contours while a unique cap protects the brush's bristles.
You won't find a prettier rose petal than this diamond-accent open-design pendant necklace. It's a gentle reminder for you to stop and enjoy your day. Metal: 18K two-tone gold over brass Stone: Diamond accent Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long cable chain Pendant Size: 20x25mm long Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Keep the chill out with our Made for Life jacket, the quilted front adds wind protection while fleece sleeves give you a range of motion and cozy comfort you love. quilted front panels zip front approx. 26⅝ length polyester washable imported
A beautiful combination of crisp diamonds and gold come together for a new sophisticated style in this 10K ring.   Metal: 10K yellow gold Stones: Approx. 1/3 ct. t.w. diamonds Color: I Clarity: I3 Setting: Prong Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our sleek, stretchy jeggings will let you flaunt your silhouette. mid rise flat front 5-pocket styling cotton/lyocell/polyester/spandex black, medium gray colors: rayon/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 31 inseam petite: 28 inseam
Elegantly serve heaping piles of your favorite recipes in these deep bowls trimmed with a simply stunning design.   ideal for both entertaining and everyday dining deep design and wide rim helps food stay in the bowl durable construction ensures lasting quality microwave safe Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  Small bowl: 11 in diameter; 3.4H Large bowl: 11¾ in diameter; 3½H
Keep both your visibility and your comfort level high in this work shirt from Red Kap, featuring a soil release fabric that wicks moisture so you stay cool and dry. UPF 40 sun protection soil release moisture wicking 5-oz. poplin fabric complies with Class 2, Level 2 requirements for ANSI/ISEA 107-2010 2-pc. lined point collar button front with top snap 2 button-through chest pockets (1 with pencil slot) long sleeves 2” silver reflective striping around body, around both sleeves and up the back and over the shoulders polyester home or industrial washable imported
The choice is yours with this princess-cut bridal ring and guard set. Wear the beautiful cubic zirconia solitaire bridal ring by itself for a dazzling silhouette or insert it into the guard for the illusion of three rings.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Simulated diamond 6.72 ct. t.w. diamond equivalent Setting: Prong and channel Dimensions: 21.34x10.99mm Gallery Height: 26.7mm   Carat (ct.) total weight (t.w.) represents the approximate total weight of diamonds or equivalent appearance. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The shoe that revolutionized the game of basketball and would later become a favorite worldwide, the Chuck Taylor All Star—a true American icon. The classic design hasn't changed since Chuck wore them himself. UNISEX SIZING: Men's sizes shown. Women order 2 sizes smaller than your normal size. For example: If you wear a women's size 7, order size 5, etc.    construction cotton duck upper bears the original Chuck Taylor Patch logo durable rubber sole for enhanced traction and control details lace up rubber toe bumper and arch grommets soft cotton drill inner lining 
Chef Designs keeps it classic in the kitchen with a double-breasted, reversible chef coat styled with eight knot buttons and a left-sleeve thermometer pocket.   reversible preshrunk stand collar double-breasted 8 knot-button front left chest pocket left sleeve thermometer pocket vented clean-finish cuffs polyester/cotton washable imported of domestic fabric more sizes: regular, big
This quick-dry polo shirt keeps you cool and looking sharp in any casual setting. 3-button placket cotton/polyester washable imported
The ideal end table for any room that needs space-saving style and function in a corner. rust-resistant stainless steel poles 3 tempered glass modern shelves for decor open modern design with versatile use 18x14x26.5H assembly required; no tools needed wipe clean with dry cloth imported
With something for everyone to enjoy, this gift set—complete with a cutting board—is a thoughtful, impressive and delicious gift for anyone on your holiday list. Set includes: cutting board (12x10x⅝) Brown & Haley Chocolate Graham (.7oz) Napa Valley Whole Grain Mustard (1.75oz) Jack Allen Brie Cheese Wheel (4oz) Olympos Olives (1.05oz) Dark Roca (.8oz) Jack Allen Bruschetta Mix (2oz) Jack Allen Black Pepper Water Crackers (2oz) Jack Allen Chocolate Chip Cookies (2oz) Almond Roca Cookies (3oz)  Tom Clark's Popcorn (3.5oz) curved-blade cheese knife (2½ blade) Wood cutting board. Hand wash. Gift set is 3 pounds; 12x10x4. Made in America. 
Be your own version of Joe Cool with our sporty Peanuts sweatshirt. crewneck screen print with chenille applique long sleeves sport stripes on sleeve approx. 26 length cotton/polyester washable imported
These no-show performance socks keep you in the game with adidas climacool 360-degree ventilation technology and zoned cushioning. package of 3 pairs diagonal solid stripes with tipping for a sleek look climalite® yarns wick away moisture cushioned heel and toe for added durability and comfort black: polyester/cotton/spandex white: polyester/cotton/spandex/natural latex rubber gray: polyester/cotton/spandex/natural latex rubber/acrylic washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12 
Our kit is the perfect start to your next crafting project, featuring twelve double-sided sheets with a different design on each side and two sticker sheets. includes 12 double-sided sheets with a different design on each side (all sheets are identical) and 2 sticker sheets acid and lignin free ages 12 and up paper 12x0.24x12.5 made in America
Give your ensembles a punch of panache with our roomy crossbody bag, fashioned in supple leather with lots of pockets to keep you organized. adjustable strap, 12 drop extends to 26½ top zipper closure leather; polyester lining 3 exterior zipper pockets 3 interior compartment pockets, 2 slip pockets and 1 zipper pocket 7¾(H) x 10(W) x 4(D) imported
Our tank top can be your workout warrior that you depend on day in and day out. ●    29 1/8-31 1/16 length●    polyester/rayon●    washable●    imported  
For the outdoor workplace or casual weekend at the lodge, our Bobcat athletic shoes are a versatile addition to your lifestyle. technology RealShock comfort footbed with multi-density cushioning KPU exoskeleton construction breathable cotton/polyurethane upper non-marking EVA sole details lace up dual density removable memory foam footbed offers comfort
Our tank top features embroidered details on the chest and shoulders for an extra-girly finishing touch. roundneck embroidered details 31½ front length polyester washable imported
Our sporty raglan tee from Arizona keeps it laidback with a choice of colors and fun graphics. crewneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
This beautiful coverlet set provides a neutral yet sophisticated update to your bedroom decor. mixture of medallions and tribal geometrics stripes in yellow, green and navy blue polyester cotton/polyester/olefin/rayon-filled coverlet 2 polyester-filled decorative pillows: 12x16, 16x16 washable; spot clean pillows twin/twin xl coverlet:68x90 full/queen coverlet: 88x90 imported 4-pc. twin/twin xl set includes: coverlet 1 sham 2 decorative pillows 5-pc. full/queen set includes: coverlet 2 shams 2 decorative pillows
Metal: Sterling silverStones: Genuine purple amethyst and white topazClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long cable chainPendant Size: 9.6x19.3mm  Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give your casual looks a boost with these wedge sandals featuring a slingback design and elastic strap details. synthetic elastic upper 1¼ wedge heel crisscross strap details slingback design textile/rubber sole
He can step up his style with a versatile IZOD shirt and tie set.   coordinating clip-on tie (may vary slightly) long-sleeve shirt with chest pocket cotton/polyester shirt; polyester tie shirt: washable imported Known issue: Due to factory error, these Husky sizes were marked as Regular. Please refer to the product hangtag for the correct sizing.
Stay cool and dry in these boxer briefs with wicking technology that pulls moisture away from the body. contour pouch for added comfort stretch for all-day ease sits just below waist polyester/spandex washable imported
Whether you pair it with cool boxers or cozy sleep pants, our long-sleeve night shirt will be your favorite way to top off your bedtime looks. fun, easy and super soft boatneck long sleeves banded cuffs and hem polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Featuring princesses from the popular Disney movie “Frozen,” our cute sandals are a charming addition to her footwear collection.   plastic/metal upper self-adhesive closure plastic sole
Our ankle pants feature a slim fit and pair nicely with a variety of dressed up or casual looks. tab waist with hook-and-bar and zipper closure misses: 29 polyester/spandex washable imported
Officially licensed Big Bang Theory™ tee sports one of television's greatest ever catchphrases.   crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Beautiful crochet detailing lends feminine flair to this comfy 1-piece maxi dress from St. John’s Bay. scoopneck sleeveless viscose/spandex 55 length from shoulder machine wash, dry flat imported
Precision goes hand in hand with the design of this rugged chronograph watch. An analog display is combined with a digital one so you'll always be on time.   Brand: Pulsar Dial Color: Black Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: Push-button release Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 46mm Case Thickness: 15.8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long, 26mm wide Model No.: PW6013 Special Features: 1/100-second stopwatch measures elapsed time up to 60 minutes; date and day display; 24-hour alarm; hourly time signals; luminous hands and markers; durable mineral crystal Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Pull together the ambiance and warm up the atmosphere with these curtain panels in soft color tones. fully lined for weight and durability 4 rod pocket panels are sold individually polyester/rayon; polyester lining washable imported Stated measurement is the combined width of both panels.
The One Series top with PlayIce technology provides a combination of targeted ventilation and moisture-wicking performance to help keep your workouts cool and dry. PlayIce technology helps wick away moisture and release body heat ergonomic construction for a better fit laser-cut perforations at center back for breathability bonded shoulder seams for increased strength and comfort 360-degree reflectivity for visibility crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
The rough-hued, weathered finish on this well-crafted headboard exposes remarkably rustic wood grains, accentuating your space with cozy allure.   solid mahogany construction with mahogany veneers aged Weatherford finish plank-inspired, slat-style design Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported. Queen: 63Wx3Dx56H King: 79Wx3Dx56H
Complete your formal look with a slick tie and coordinating tie bar from JF J. Ferrar. tie: 2¾ wide; 58 long tie bar: 1.5x0.6x.21H clip closure polyester machine wash, line dry imported
With striped sides, these shorts provide a sharp look with great athletic comfort. elastic waistband 2 side pockets polyester washable imported
Ottoman knit tee has a lightly textured look in soothing hues you’ll love wearing off the clock.   crewneck side vents rayon/polyester washable imported
Harrison area rug with a rich texture updates your home décor.     plush fiber is soft underfoot heat set for long-lasting color serged edges to resist fraying Tufted polyester. Cotton backing. 4cm pile height. Spot clean or professionally clean. Rug pad recommended. Imported.
A halo of cubic zirconia-accents surrounds an icy blue lab-created opal in this stunning statement ring.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Lab-created round blue opal Other Stones: Cubic zirconia-accents Gallery Height: 3/8   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Pretty pink sparkles up a storm on this dazzling Hello Kitty watch. A triple row of pink and clear stones forms a criss-cross design with a smooth gold-tone band, and additional stones framing the softly curved rectangular dial.   Brand: Hello Kitty Dial Color: White Accents: 143 stones Strap: Gold-tone metal Clasp: Adjustable jewelry clasp Movement: Quartz Case Width: 25mm Case Thickness: 6mm Bracelet Dimensions: 216mm long, 13mm wide Model No.: HKAQ2786J Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our roll-cuff cargo shorts are the perfect casual pick for your warm-weather wardrobe. mid rise 2 front slant pockets 2 back patch pockets 9 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
With great comfort and the sharp Asics logo displayed on the calf, these sweats are great for hanging around the house or for a solid workout.   side-zip pocket reflective piping drawstring polyester washable imported
With a touch of rustic charm, our Stylus peasant shirt is that sweet addition you want to your wardrobe. v-neck 3/4 sleeves center front seam approx. 29 length rayon lace: cotton/nylon shoulder lace detail on solid colors only machine wash, line dry imported
This wrap is fabulous to throw on over jeans for a little extra warmth when running errands.   cotton 32x34 washable imported
Acorn-inspired finials lend a regal look to this majestic double curtain rod while adding elegant style. 13/16 diameter outer rod with decorative finials; 13/16 diameter inner rod telescoping design allows for easy adjustment rod lengths excludes finials; allow 2½ to each end of outer rod for finials allow 6⅜ clearance for outer rod; 3¾ clearance for inner rod  mounting hardware included Steel rod with resin finials. Imported.
Pairing classic styling with the cozy comfort and durability of low-maintenance cotton, this chair-and-a-half ottoman features a removable, skirted slipcover that keeps it looking fresh all year long. Best of all, when it’s time for a new look, simply change your slipcover and enjoy brand new style without the cost of brand new furniture.   kiln-dried hardwood and plywood frame butt-joint and dado joinery sinuous spring system plush cushions filled with a layered blend of 50% feathers and 50% polyester fiber for extra comfort slipcovers can be easily removed for cleaning or redecorating removable feet Cotton slipcover over polyester base fabric. Dry clean slipcover; spot clean base fabric with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Imported. Measures 32Wx23Dx20H. Imported.
Quickly cleaning large rooms with less passes, this powerful vacuum’s wide path gets floors truly clean with superb filtration. allergen media bag filters and traps 99% of dust and pollens down to 5 microns 15 cleaner width gets the job done quickly 24' power cord allows plenty of cord to vacuum larger rooms 5-position carpet height adjusts as needed to clean all flooring types powerful 12-amp motor provides superior cleaning performance includes 2 extension wands, a crevice tool, upholstery tool and dusting brush AC current plastic 9x11x43½H; 10 pounds assembly required imported
Balance your busy life with this 5-pc. lunch kit with over-the-shoulder straps and containers for a healthy lunch that stays cool for hours with the included ice pack. BPA free containers PEVA lunch bag lining is easy to clean and keeps food chilled microwave and freezer safe containers cotton bag; plastic containers dishwasher safe 1.25x5x10.75H bag imported 5-piece set includes: lunch bag with solid handles 2 1-cup containers 1 2-cup sandwich container ice pack
Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Purple acrylic stonesBacking: LeverbackDimensions: 0.553x1.255Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add an extra layer of cute to any look with this classic, long-sleeve cardigan. long sleeves single button closure at neck polyester/spandex machine wash, hang dry imported
This easy-carry shoe bag keeps your sports gear together in one place and protected. breathable, zipper mesh side zippered front pocket with pouch smooth grip handle 13x9¼x5 600D PVC/mesh made in America Get it personalized for FREE. This item may be embroidered with three initials in red thread. Please note, first name initial will be in the left position, last name initial will be in the center position and middle name initial will be in the right position.
A delicate crochet yoke and ruffled hem accent this darling tank dress from Lilt.●    sleeveless●    crochet yoke●    ruffle hem●    self: rayon●    lining: polyester●    washable●    imported  
The simple, sleek design of this barstool set is accented by decorative O and X backs and topped with wood trim.   adjustable legs let you easily change the height of the seat brown finish and black seat complement a range of home decor styles and color schemes extensions expand legs from 24 to 30H 275-pound weight capacity set of 3 Metal with polyurethane. Measures 16.5x19.25x38.3-44.3H. Wipe with a soft cloth. Assembly required. Imported.  
Sure to make an elegant statement in any room with its faux-marble accents, decorative shade and matching finial, this table lamp provides the perfect amount of soft light. French bronze finish on base beige faux-linen shade 3-way switch Resin. Measures 28½H. Cotton/polyester shade has a 14½ bottom diameter and 9½ top diameter. Uses one 100W type “A” bulb, max., not included. Imported. CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: A Title 20-compliant lamp will be shipped to the state of California and include a CFL bulb.
Elegance is expressed through this simulated pearl and crystal collar necklace.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Simulated silver pearls and crystals Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 19 long adjustable cable chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Nothing is more soothing than the touchably soft fabric of the Abigail coverlet. Its textured matelassé construction creates a puffy quilted look that invites you to curl up and relax.   graceful wave edge decorative baratta-stitch design lightweight coverlet perfect for all seasons Coordinating accessories sold separately. Cotton matelassé; washable. Imported. Twin coverlet: 66x86 Full/Queen coverlet: 92x96 King coverlet: 110x96  
Kicky style that is right on top of the trends, our Henry Ferrera rain boots give you the form and function you need. rubber upper side buckle detail 1 heel 14 shaft height 13 shaft circumference lug rubber outer sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.            
Comfortable, stylish and easily paired with your favorite tops, our straight-leg jeans by Red Kap sit below the natural waist and offer you the versatility and fit you want. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling antique brass rivets decorative stitching straight fit flat front 100% cotton washable imported
Our Puma leggings give you everyday comfort with reflective technology to keep you visible in low light conditions.  printed graphic midrise waist approx. 27½ inseam tapered leg cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported
Whether you are working or playing outside at night, this jacket makes you visible helping to keep you safe. flame resistant waterproof hooded zip front patch pockets with flaps polyurethane made in America
Levi’s 512™ jeans have a figure-enhancing, tummy-shaping panel through Levi’s innovative pocket design that creates an allover smooth shape. The straight leg is neither too slim nor too relaxed so you can pair it with your favorite flats or heels.   short inseam: 30 regular inseam: 32 sits at the waist slim through the hip and thigh straight leg with 16½ opening tummy-slimming panel 10¾ front rise; 15⅜ back rise cotton/polyester/elastane machine wash, dry flat imported  
Our no-show socks are so light you will forget you're wearing them.  polyester/spandex washable imported
You’ll be a blooming goddess in this bracelet featuring genuine oval blue topaz stones that resemble flowers. High-polish, 14K gold over brass serves as the perfect backdrop on this gorgeous bracelet.   Metal: 14K gold over brass Stones: Genuine oval blue topaz, 6x4mm Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 7¼ long Gemstones may have been treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Head to your next workout in our tee, featuring a regular fit for a cool athletic look.  crewneck short sleeves regular fit polyester washable imported
A spectacularly sequined design adds flash and flair to our high-low top for your most eye-catching look yet. 25½ front length, 38½ back length polyester polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Because Mom sparkles with all the colors of a rainbow, surprise her with this lovely pendant necklace. Crafted of 14K yellow gold over sterling silver, a cutout heart with lab-created white sapphires and multicolor genuine gemstones frames a script mom for dramatic impact. Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold over sterling silver Stones: 2mm round genuine amethyst, topaz, citrine, peridot and garnet Other Stones: Lab-created white sapphires Setting: Prong Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long box chain Pendant Size: 24.2x23.5mm long Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Give your casual look a sporty edge with our lace-up sneakers and their classic high-top design. textile upper 3½ shaft lace up faux-fur lining textile sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Power up your workout with our performance capris, designed with a stretchy, comfortable fabric that helps you achieve your goals. midrise straight leg elastic waistband 17 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Durable and functional, this sleek and striking granite-top portable kitchen island is the perfect way to give your kitchen the modern makeover it needs. MDF, veneer and granite construction 1 drawer cabinet for extra storage 28.25x18x33H assembly required imported
Feel comfortable and confident in our mid-rise skinny jeans, featuring a stretch-fit belly band perfect for your growing baby bump. skinny leg mid rise 30½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
He'll love splashing around in the water when he's in these graphic swim trunks, which feature a side pocket, mesh-lined briefs and a fun allover print. adjustable waistband faux drawstring closure left side pocket mesh-lined briefs UPF 50+ polyester washable imported
A spunky, standout print adds serious style to our pull-on pants from Alyx. 23 inseam polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Chill out with our relaxed drawstring pants—perfect for sitting by the beach or working on your sun salutations.●    relaxed fit●    zip fly with button closure ●    half-elastic waist with drawstring●    front and back pockets●    linen/rayon●    washable●    imported  
Indulge yourself in the bold color of these hoop drop earrings and step out in unbelievable style.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Blue beads Back: Hinged   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A seamed-body design adds professional charm to your classic look with our open-front jacket. roundneck hook-and-eye closure seamed body 22 length crepe polyester/spandex dry clean only imported
Upgrade the look of your room with these luxuriously soft, gorgeous wool runner rugs with a cotton backing.   solid center with classic floral border vibrant colors combine with sculpted details to bring out the depth and beauty of the design super high-density weave special luster wash and finishing offer a wondrous softness and shine hand-tufted construction highly durable wool ½ pile height; ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: N/A Slip Resistant: N/A Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve skid resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported It's perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep it under control until the rug has been seasoned and no longer sheds.
Earn your stripes with our short-sleeve sweater, a sure bet for comfort and style this season.  roundneck short sleeves rayon/nylon machine wash, dry flat imported
true Getting your laundry fresh and dry has never been so simple as with this dryer from LG. Tag On Technology lets you download new cycles for your dryer from an easy-to-use app, making laundry day simpler than ever. ENERGY STAR® qualified 7.4 cu. ft. ultra large capacity Intelligent Electronic Controls with Dual LED Display with Dial-A-Cycle™ 8 drying programs including: Cotton/Normal, Perm. Press, Delicates, Bulky/Large, Download/Super Dry stackable design provides an all-in-one vertical look to maximize floor space SmartDiagnosis™ feature helps the service center diagnose problems over the phone or smartphone app Lo Decibel™ Quiet Operation minimizes dryer noise to help keep your environment peaceful NFC Tag-on technology allows you to quickly and easily change and customize cycles with a simple smartphone app FlowSense™ Duct Clogging Indicator lets you know when it's time to clean the ducts Note: In order for pedestals to be installed they must be purchased and delivered with the corresponding washer and dryer.shop matching washer
true Keep your dishes clean and your kitchen looking great with this powerful dishwasher from Samsung. A hidden heating element keeps plastic and little hands safe during and after cycles ENERGY STAR® qualified top and front display with electronic touch sensor stainless steel tub 2 adjustable racks make it easy to load different size dishes 2-piece silverware basket sleek pocket handle design  with LED light hard food disposer cleans solid food particles without cleaning a filter hidden heating element prevents plastic from melting and protects your family from harm special insulation system reduces noise to 50dBA digital water leakage sensor prevents puddles on the floor
Men's lambskin jacket offers warmth and style in one great piece.   shirt collar zip front open bottom side zip-close pockets 3 inside pockets barrel cuffs lamb leather polyester lining professional leather clean imported
Some of us are born into greatness, as this foil-accented, photo-print tee points out. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Pops of rich scarf-inspired print brighten the floor-sweeping silhouette of our cinch-waist maxi dress that will have you relaxing in vacation-ready style. scoopneck 62 length from shoulder knit polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Celebrate the season by staying toasty-warm in our festive fairisle-patterned sweater. drape-neck flyaway cardigan approx. 28 - 30 front length acrylic/polyester/other fibers machine wash, dry flat imported
Your beautiful shape is given the full support and coverage it deserves in this beauty back underwire bra by Vanity Fair.   underwire u-back tagless; seamless molded cups nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
  She'll stay comfortable all day in these classic cotton leggings.   elastic waist 100% cotton washable imported
Show your wild side with this leather-trimmed camo belt. metal keeper and shotshell ornament 1.57 wide leather/nylon spot clean imported
Comfortably stay a step ahead of ever-changing weather (while keeping your look fresh) in this striped thermal pullover from Arizona. slub thermal with printed rugby stripe crewneck with v-notch long sleeves charcoal heather: cotton/polyester other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
Embroidered details and a woodsy design give these work boots a great look, while a number of features make them comfortable enough for long working hours. construction nylon upper rubber sole details 11 shaft height slip on moisture-wicking, high-abrasion lining cushioned insole with moisture-wicking cover lightweight outsole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
The You Are My Sunshine decorative pillow will brighten the day of anyone. front is print, back is solid white cotton; feather fill spot clean 12x18 imported
These wrinkle-resistant, pull-on pants will eliminate some of the stress and hassle of getting him out the door in the morning.   elastic waist mock fly with chalk button 2 front pockets, 1 back pocket angled pocket stitch cotton/polyester twill washable imported
2-in-1 Cuisinart® Deluxe Duet blender/food processor makes kitchen tasks a breeze. Easy to operate, this compact machine sits on your countertop, conveniently within reach.   blender uses SmartPower to mince, whip and purée connect food processor attachment for slicing, shredding, chopping and mixing sleek 4-speed electronic touchpad controls (high, low, pulse, ice crush) durable construction with high-performance motor standby mode automatic 2-minute auto-stop die cast metal housing with stainless steel collar Cuisinart Deluxe Duet blender/food processor comes with: 48-ounce thermal shock-resistant glass blender jar 3-cup food processor attachment with feed tube and pusher stainless steel slicer/shredder disc and chopper blade 600 watts. Metal/stainless steel/glass. Jar and attachment are dishwasher safe; wipe clean housing. UL listed. 
Protect your baby's mattress and provide for a more comfortable, lasting sleep with a fitted mattress pad.   quilted for extra comfort fully fitted to prevent shifting on the mattress for cribs and toddler beds 28x52 cotton washable imported
Hang your clothes out to dry and save money while you're at it with the Household Essentials outdoor dryer.   same level line for easy access pivoting square top brings every space within reach no-rust galvanized steel center post (1.5 diameter) comes in 2 pieces completely pre-strung and ready for installation single action opens and closes dryer folds compactly to store high-impact plastic post cap and slide resists wear fun and attractive ground sleeve included steel upper structure  includes 30 lines for 210' of drying space Set up size: 72x84x72H. Imported. 
Get lightweight coverage on everything from ball gowns to casual tees by layering your look with our open-front shrug. 3/4 sleeves 17½ length nylon/rayon hand wash, dry flat imported
What it is:A gentle cleanser that moisturizes and calms the skin, leaving it feeling soft and refreshed.What it is formulated to do:Anthony Algae Facial Cleanser is a gentle cleanser that hydrates, softens, and invigorates the skin. Algae cleanses and refreshes while extracts of azulene, lavender, and rose hip oil calm and sooth. Ideal for dry, sensitive, or mature skin, skin looks and feels fresh, smooth, and healthy.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is allergy tested, dermatologist tested, and is not tested on animals. Suggested Usage:-Apply a small amount to wet hands.-Work into a lather and massage gently over face and neck.-Rinse thoroughly.-Use AM and PM.Precautions:-For external use only.-Discontinue use if skin irritation occurs.-Avoid contact with eyes. Size8 oz Ingredients​-Algae Extract: Moisturizes, purifies, and helps prevent the look of wrinkles.-Azulene: Calms the skin.-Lavender: Disinfects, calms, and soothes skin; helps heal burns and sunburn.-Rose Hip Oil: Helps heal and calm skin.Water, Disodium Laureth Sulfosuccinate, Glycereth- 26, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Cocamidopropyl Hydroxysultaine, Sodium Lauroyl Sarcosinate, Peg-7 Glyceryl Cocoate, Propanediol, Glyc- Erin, Olive Oil Peg-8 Esters, Glyceryl Stearate, Algae Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Flower Extract, Rosa Canina Fruit Extract, Disteareth-75 Ipdi, Peg-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Peg-100 Stearate, Polysorbate 20, Acry- Lates Copolymer, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice Powder, Ppg-26-Buteth-26, Butyl Methoxydibenzoylmethane, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Ethylhexyl Salicy- Late, Peg-35 Castor Oil, Fragrance (Par- Fum), Sodium Hydroxide, Xanthan Gum, Citric Acid, Disodium Edta, Guaiazulene, Bht, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Methylisothiazolinone, Benzyl Alcohol, Limonene, Green 5 (Ci 42053).
Enjoy your favorite holiday meals in festive style with these dinner plates featuring frosty snowflakes and grinning snowmen wearing black top hats.   durable earthenware construction classic red, green and white color scheme microwave safe set of 4 Earthenware. Each measures 10½ in diameter.Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Adorably adorned with rhinestones and a bow, our T-strap sandals will be your special occasion solution. synthetic upper adjustable buckle strap 4 heel bow and rhinestone details synthetic sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.  
Head out for a run in our cropped leggings, featuring a hidden waistband key pocket, tonal tie dye print and moisture-wicking fabric to keep you cool and dry as you work out. hidden waistband key pocket mid rise moisture-wicking fabric seamless construction reflective logo 16 1/2 inseam nylon/spandex washable imported
Lightweight microfiber hipster panties feature an innovative waistband that prevents muffin top with an incredibly relaxed and flattering fit.    hipster silhouette silky microfiber fabric  no muffin top nylon/elastane washable imported manufacturer’s style #5638
Featuring a stylish, bamboo-inspired pattern, this bed is a comfortable, durable choice for your pet.   outdoor-treated polyester cover up to 1,000 hours of UV protection great for indoors or outdoors available in a variety of bright colors Polyester. Washable. Made in America. Small: 36x29x4H Medium: 44x36x5H Large: 50x42x5H
The VaporPLUS quick-drying fabric of our swim trunks will keep you comfortable no matter how many times you go in the water.  UPF 50+ protection relaxed fit mesh liner Veclro® fly with string closure inside key pocket side seam pockets 10 inseam polyester machine wash, hang dry imported
Get ready for the warm weather with our flip flops, featuring a slip-on style and cushioned footbed for comfort. EVA upper EVA sole slip on
A boho breeze defines the understated style of our vivid tie-dyed woven top to keep you cool and comfortable to beat the season's heat. rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Lull your baby to sleep with our wind-up mobile that features fun pink and green plush birds and softly plays Brahm's Lullaby.  24x11 100% cotton polyester fill spot clean only imported
These heavy-duty shoes will keep you comfortable while you work, but also safe thanks to all-weather traction soles.   technology Versatrac™ rubber sole with all-weather traction support   construction leather upper padded tongue and collar rubber sole   details speed-lacing system for easy on and off
Our suit jacket allows for comfort and movement and its super slim cut will give you a more custom-made look. super slim fit lightweight notch lapel long sleeves 2-button closure side vents 2 interior pockets and pencil pocket 2 exterior flap pockets and 1 chest pocket shell: polyester/rayon/spandex lining: polyester/viscose dry clean only imported
Make the sidewalk your catwalk in our dazzling and adorable ballet flats. synthetic upper slip on rounded toe cushioned insole flexible molded rubber sole
With just a touch of spandex for stretch and a lot of cotton for comfort, our Stylus culottes are a great new addition to your wardrobe.   bootcut approx. 26½ length cotton/spandex washable imported
With an adjustable waist, these easy-care cotton shorts stay cool and comfortable all day long.     adjustable waist with belt loops hook and zipper closure for sizes 4-7; button and zipper for 8-20 two side pockets and one back pocket 100% cotton washable imported    
Cool corduroy beanbags are textured to look like real suede. Available in the latest colors to complement any room for kids or adults.   stain-resistant and plush fabric soft, cushy and feather-weight filling double-stitched for durability child-safe zipper small (84), medium (105) and large (128) beanbags are round Microfiber suede. Filled with expanded polystyrene beads. Measurements stated are circumferences. Made in America.
Our hockey tee features a high-low hem and colorblocking with a Marvel graphic print for a cool, casual look. crewneck elbow sleeves colorblocking stripe sleeves high-low hem 27.25 length cotton/polyester washable imported
All-cotton construction and a no-show cut give these Xersion socks game-changing style and comfort. package of 6 pairs 100% cotton washable imported 5-6.5 fits shoe sizes 5-9 7-8.5 fits shoe sizes 9-2 9-11 fits shoe sizes 2-9
Sterling silver bands of this bypass ring meet in the middle, embracing a trillion-cut genuine amethyst.Metal: Sterling silverStone: 8x8mm trillion amethystOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: ProngGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
A comfy cotton blend and iconic DC logo make out tank top a cool, casual choice. u-neck 23-29 length jersey 100% cotton washable imported
Update your patio or deck with our chair cushion that's perfect for a wicker chair.    4 thickness for comfort great for any outdoor seating arrangement Sold individually. Polyester. Measures 18x18x4H. Wipe clean with damp cloth. Made in America.
Our modern-fit trouser pants sit at your waist, with a relaxed fit through the hip and thigh, and angled front pockets for a lean and slimming effect. zip fly with hook-and-bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front slash pockets 2 back welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations 29 inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Abstract polka dots on the bottom of this perky tumbler will add a nice pop of color to your bathroom. pink stripe white background Ceramic. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Woven to create a unique look, our mary janes from St. John's Bay are the perfect way to slip on easy, stand-out style.   elastic upper suede backstay mesh lining 2½ heel polyurethane sole 
true This all-in-one washer/dryer combo gives you everything you need to make doing laundry a little easier. ENERGY STAR® qualified 2.3 cu. ft. large capacity NeveRust™ Stainless Steel Drum Intelligent Electronic Controls with Dual LED Display with Dial-A-Cycle™ 9 wash programs including Cotton/Normal, Bulky/Large, Baby Wear, Perm. Press, Delicates, Hand Wash/Wool, Speed Wash, Sanitary, Drain + Spin water level automatically adjusts to the size of the load spin speeds up to 1,400 RPM maximum easy loading TilTub™ technology SmartDiagnosis™ feature helps the service center diagnose problems over the phone or smartphone app Lo Decibel™ Quiet Operation minimizes dryer noise to help keep your environment peaceful TrueBalance™ anti-vibration system SenseClean™ Revolutionary 6Motion™ Technology uses 6 different wash motions
Look long and lean in our super slim-fit suit pants that are made of a fabric with subtle vertical intonations. super slim fit button, hook and eye closure flat front belt loops extra slim through hip and thigh, narrower leg 2 front and 2 back pockets sits lower on the waist hemmed polyester/rayon/spandex dry clean only imported
Whether you're on a skateboard or just searching for a casual look, our Vans skate shoes keep you in style. canvas/cotton upper lace up double stitched for durability vulcanized rubber sole
Whether hard at work or enjoying weekend comfort, our Avia Union athletic shoes are the right choice for superior comfort. technology Defender G protection on the leather upper for easy wipe-off removal of stains construction leather upper rubber sole details lace-up entry molded premium EVA removable sockliner for all-day comfort and easy cleaning. oil/slip resistant outsole tread pattern for protection in wet and slippery environments  
Featuring a built-in four-can cooler and mesh cup holder, this collapsible chair lets you grab a cold drink without getting up. strong steel frame roomy 24 seat adjustable arm heights fully cushioned seat and back side pockets provide extra storage cooler features Coleman Cold™ technology to keep drinks cold 325-pound weight capacity includes carrying bag Polyester/steel. Imported.
Toss this oblong decorative pillow on your bed for the perfect finishing touch. polyester/spandex with polyester fill washable 12x16 imported  
This handsome mens chronograph watch from Citizen® has sporty style and everyday function. Includes three sub-dials, a quick-reference date window, and luminous hour and minute hands.   Brand: Citizen® Dial Color: Black Bracelet: Silver-tone stainless steel Clasp: Fold-over Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 333' Case Width: 41mm Case Thickness: 11.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long, 20mm wide Model No.: AN3460-56E Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
When the urge for homemade fried chicken or French fries strikes, turn to this deep fryer for an easy way to satisfy that craving.   brushed stainless steel with waffle finish for durability cool-touch handles and viewing window on the lid 2-position basket: high to drain food and low for cooking adjustable thermostat to select the perfect cooking temperature holds 3 liters of oil 2.6-pound food capacity 1600 watts. Stainless steel. Measures 12x19.3x13.6H. Dishwasher safe except for heating element. Imported.  
What it is:A translucent matte face powder that color corrects all skin tones, sets makeup, brightens, and subtly highlights the complexion without shimmer. What it does: Use this gentle powder to absorb oil and create a matte finish during the day. The formula features vitamin C, squalane, and lecithin to soothe and hydrate, and allows for continuous application without powder build up. It is also effective as a highlighting powder to brighten without shine and naturalize the skin tone. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: Shades and shade descriptions: Violet Powder color corrects yellow tones and sallow tones in the skin. For light-medium skin tones. Vanilla Powder color corrects red and pink tones in the skin. For light-medium skin tones. French Vanilla color corrects red and pink tones in the skin. For medium skin tones. This product is cruelty-free, hypoallergenic, and formulated for those with sensitive skin. It is made in the USA. Beauty Tip: The pigments in these powders allow them to blend perfectly to create a custom flesh tone. Just mix Violet and Vanilla or French Vanila to create your perfect skintone setting powder. Suggested Usage:-Apply with the velour puff included in the case or use a powder brush for precise application. -Wear over foundation or alone for a natural matte finish. Size:0.21 oz
Add a sparkling accent to any look with this 2-pair rhinestone and gold-tone earring set.  Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: RhinestonesBack: PostDimensions: 10mm
Our absolutely charming fit-and-flare dress sings with wide stripes and a splash of floral fun.   scoopneck sleeveless back zipper belt included approx. 35 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Our modern-fit pants from Worthington are comfortable and versatile, perfect for your dressy ensemble. hidden zipper at side seam slim leg midrise modern fit 33 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Our loose-fitting cami features lace trim on the edges and pleats for an ultra-femme look. scoopneck rayon hand wash, line dry imported
These lightweight leather sandals have a multistrap design that is refreshed with stitching details and perforations.   technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed absorbs impact with every step and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial cushion soft technology: the effortless everyday comfort solution optimal breathability via open-cell technology   construction leather upper EVA cushioned sole   details 2 adjustable straps 1.5 heel height  
Our on-trend colorblock sweater is a seasonal essential for a pulled-together look that’s equal parts comfy and cozy. roundneck acrylic/rayon hand wash, dry flat imported
Zip it up with this on-trend Austin tote that boasts pockets galore. adjustable crossbody strap; 10 drop synthetic 1 interior zip pocket and 3 slip pockets 2 outer zip pockets on front and 1 on back 16.5Hx14.6Wx3.15D imported
Empower yourself and show your support with the message of hope on our breast cancer awareness graphic T-shirt. $1 for every breast cancer awareness Made For Life product sold through October will be donated to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation up to $15,000   v-neck front screen print approx. 24¾ - 26¾ length slub jersey knit cotton/polyester washable imported misses: approx. 26⅛ - 28 length petite: approx. 24¾ - 26¾ length
Classic sterling silver hoops get a glittery upgrade with the addition of ½ ct. t.w. diamonds. Pop these in and bring on the shine anytime.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: ½ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Channel Back: Hinge Dimensions: 34.81mm diameter Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This light and breezy sleeveless dress is great for any spring or summer occasion and features a dotted chiffon skirt and matching dotted rosette on the waistline for a cute, girly touch. back-button closure sleeveless polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Made of 100% cotton, it goes without saying that this short-sleeve shirt is an ultra-comfortable, versatile option to your casual style. spread collar 3-button placket 2 side slits short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Complement her carefree side with this bright tie-front tee. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Flutter sleeves and feminine ribbon beaded lace along the front neckline make this soft short-sleeve nightgown one that you'll never want to take off. lace and pintuck detail at front yoke short sleeves full snap placket front side inseam pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Our chest features an antique silver wood finish molding outlining the edges of the two mirrored-front drawers.  mirror and medium-density fiberboard construction with hardwood legs antique silver finish flush joints two drawers classic ring pulls 28x16x28H assembly required, screwdriver needed wipe with a soft cloth imported
She'll love wearing our comfy cotton tee featuring Disney princesses in a colorful graphic print with glitter details. short sleeves glitter details 100% cotton washable imported
Our Brighton hemstitch placemats are perfect for bringing a complete formal feeling to your dining room. set of 4 coordinating napkins, table runner and tablecloth sold separately each measures 14x19 polyester washable imported
Perfect his dapper style with this handsome 4 piece set, including a button-front shirt, pants, a matching vest and coordinating clip-on tie. includes button-front vest, long-sleeve shirt, clip-on tie and flat-front pants back elastic-waist pants with faux fly vest: polyester/other fiber; polyester lining button-front shirt: cotton/polyester pants, tie, sewn-in hankie and lining: polyester vest, shirt and pants are washable; tie is dry clean only imported
Get through a tough day at work a little easier in our flame-resistant Henley tee.   flame resistant rib knit collar 4-button placket chest pocket with pencil stall long sleeves cotton/polyester/polyoxadiazole washable imported
Our throw features a colorful Hello Kitty holiday-themed print that's perfect as a wall hanging, room accent, bed covering or throw blanket. • woven throw with fringe details• 48x60• polyester• washable• made in USA
Removable pieces allow her to interact with this whimsical decorative pillow featuring a beautiful peacock. interactive pillow with 4 hearts that can be placed anywhere cotton/polyester with polyester fill measures 16x16 spot clean imported
This slub jersey t-shirt with raglan sleeves by The Foundry Supply Co. is a little sporty for a more casual look. regular fit crewneck chest pocket short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Enjoy a custom fit and an elegant, European-style design with these clogs featuring a stretchy upper and a padded insole. construction LYCRA® spandex upper synthetic sole details 1” heel slip-on entry stretch fabric provides a custom fit soft, breathable material is lightweight and shock absorbent padded removable insole with soft lining
Keep your toes warm and your feet comfortable in our insulated faux-fur lined lace-up boots. synthetic/acrylic/metal/nylon upper 10 shaft height Thermolite® insulation provides lightweight warmth faux fur/fleece lining rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
A classic design with timeless appeal, this attractive Timex® watch will take her anywhere. The highly visible face makes it easy to tell time at a glance and this sleek watch includes date window and second hand.   Brand: Timex® Dial Color: White Bracelet: Brown leather strap Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: Up to 30m Case Width: 25mm Case Thickness: 6mm Bracelet Dimensions: 135-190mm long, 9mm wide Model No.: 2J761 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With its adorable designs and high-quality rubber, the Merry Everything Stamps are must-have for any creative hobbyist. recommended for ages 12+ includes two unmounted rubber stamps rubber 4½x¼x6¾H imported
Get the lightweight support you want with the all-day comfort our Fila Memory Workshift athletic shoes.   technology DLS foam midsole for cushioning construction leather/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up memory foam sockliner for added comfort synthetic overlays for lightweight, structured support
Our skinny jeans feature a feminine cut for a bombshell fit that will make you miss them when they're in the dryer. 5-pocket styling 30 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our tank top features a T-back with braided details and an American-themed print for the perfect warm-weather look. v-neck T-back braided back details 24.5 length jersey cotton/polyester washable imported
Let him jump in the water with all his friends form Cars with these swim trunks featuring fun character graphics. Coordinates with Disney Collection boys swimwear collection, sold separately. screen-printed  UPF 50+ elastic waistband faux tie and fly key loop polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Add some flair to your little one's nursery by adding this soft, blue anchor-pattern crib sheet, which features an elastic band around the border to ensure a snug fit. 27½x51x8H 100% cotton washable imported
Pair knit leggings with boots or sandals for a versatile style that's truly seasonless.   27 inseam cotton/polyester washable imported
Stay fresh in your sneakers all day long with our lace-up design featuring comfy mesh lining and vent eyelets to keep you cool. canvas upper Ortholite footbed promotes perfect fit and comfort moisture wicking and odor control with antimicrobial properties slow recovery impressions memory foam gives maximum comfort extra heel padding for all-day wear lightweight rubber sole
This bracelet watch conveys time with the utmost in sophistication, thanks to its unique placement of diamonds amongst three sub dials and three smooth-sweeping hands.   Brand: JBW Dial Color: Black Accents: ⅕ ct. t.w. diamonds on dial Strap: Black stainless steel Movement: Swiss quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 24mm wide Model No.: JB-6218-H Special Features: 3 multifunction sub dials   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These Zoo York ripstop joggers give you closed-leg styling in a cotton twill that’s both comfortable and extremely durable. zip fly with button closure 2 front slant pockets 2 back welt pockets 32 inseam closed bottom 100% cotton washable imported
Add a little frill to casual days with these adorable denim bubble shorts from Okie Dokie. elastic waist cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Getting ready is fun with our adorable striped print stretchy capri leggings. covered elastic waistband cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported
A Chinese character is beautifully housed in a circle of genuine jade in this sterling silver pendant necklace. Metal: Sterling silverStones: Genuine 30mm green jadeDimensions: 18 long rope chainPendant Size: 1x1.2188 Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You will be the belle of the ball with our exquisite evening gown with front and back embellishments. v-neck cap sleeve lined 60 length from shoulder dress: nylon/spandex lining: polyester professional spot clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Keep casual days looking cool and carefree with this comfy striped polo and easy-match shorts set. includes short-sleeve top and pull-on shorts no-pinch elastic waistband pork-chop pockets top: slub jersey fabric shorts: peached poplin fabric 100% cotton washable imported
Our mesh skort from Xersion features quick-dri fabric and no-chafe seams, perfect for intense or casual outdoor activity. quick-dri fabric no-chafe seams elastic waistband midrise media pocket at center back fitted 3½ inseam polyester/spandex mesh: polyester/spandex inner shorts: polyester/spandex washable imported
Make his fashion fun with our Snoopy and Woodstock zipper tie.  pre-tied 2½ wide; 14 long polyester spot clean imported
Incredibly light, blissfully bendable and supremely soft; our Clarks slip-on flats are your foot's favorite shoes.   technology Cushionsoft® footbed absorbs impact construction textile upper EVA sole details 1½ heel top layer provides pillowy underfoot softness and airiness second layer delivers support and durability
This conveniently collapsible meal kit lets you portion meals beforehand, as well as ideal for using daily. 4 sections to customize meal portions stores half the size of when in use includes custom spork, meal tray and condiment lid 11x6.7x1.25H plastic/silicone top rack dishwasher safe imported
Our sleek New Balance 496 V2 shoes are specially designed for a smoothly cushioned and comfortable walking experience.   technology Walking Strike Path® technology enhances stability Ortholite® insole for cushioning construction polyurethene/mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up injection-molded EVA midsole for lightweight cushioning
Durable and portable, this symphony music stand will stand up to years of rehearsal time and performances. Lightweight with a heavy-duty base, it's perfect for individual performers. lightweight no-knob friction-tilt neck brass bearings ribbed design for extra strength Magic Finger Clutch provides one-hand friction grip heavy-duty base metal alloy 41–60x19x20 made in America
It's all about the shimmer in our v-neck metallic sweater with pointelle stitching along the front seams. 24 center front length; 26½ center back length rayon/metallic washable imported
A brilliant red design makes this 16-piece dinnerware set a fine choice for a festive holiday celebration, while the durable design makes it perfect for everyday use.    long-lasting patterns won’t wash, wear or scratch off Vitrelle glass is a special tempered glass consisting of 3 glass layers pressed together for a thin design with added strength break, chip and scratch resistant for carefree durability microwave and oven safe 16-piece set includes: four 10¼” dinner plates four 6¾” bread plates four 18-ounce soup/cereal bowls four 11-ounce mugs Vitrelle glass; stoneware mug. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.  
He'll love wearing our comfy cotton tee, featuring an Ultimate Spider-Man graphic print for a cool casual look. short sleeves graphic print jersey 100% cotton washable imported
The personalized Celtic knot contemporary champagne flutes combine modern simplicity with Celtic tradition, featuring a unique cylinder bell and an interlocking knot design—perfect for your wedding and celebrations for years to come. set of 2 8-oz.; 2.5x10.5H custom engraving options 100% clear glass hand wash only imported
Mantua premium bed frames offer sturdiness you can feel and appreciate.   wheeled supports for easy move interlocking pieces for easy assembly includes headboard brackets designed to support any memory foam mattress or innerspring mattress angle-iron construction do not use liquid or abrasive cleaners as they may damage the finish Metal. Imported. Twin: 71x38x7½H. Supports a max. weight of 1,000lbs. Full: 71x53x7½H. Supports a max. weight of 1,200lbs. Queen: 71x60x7½H. Supports a max. weight of 1,200lbs. King: 71x76x7½H. Supports a max. weight of 1,200lbs. Cal. King: 71x72x7½H. Supports a max. weight of 1,200lbs. PLEASE NOTE: JCP Room Service delivery is only available for this item when purchased in store. If purchased online, it will be delivered to your doorstep unassembled. 
This heart-shape compact mirror features one side for magnification and the other for regular view. It’s an essential for people on the go.   polished silvertone finish includes black pouch for carrying great gift for a friend or family member Metal/glass. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
These classic flip flops are ideal for everyday wear. polyurethane/EVA/rubber imported
Classic women's Chuck Taylor All Stars get a feminine splash of sunset coloring. canvas upper bears the original Chuck Taylor Patch logo rubber toe bumper and arch grommets durable rubber sole for enhanced traction and control
The textured seams of our sleeveless fit-and-flare dress add just the right amount of pretty. scoopneck sleeveless center back zipper 37½ length from shoulder polyester machine wash, line dry imported
What it is: An intensely moisturizing overnight treatment that works in sync with the skin’s natural nighttime recovery process to achieve a lifted, firmer look by the morning. What it is formulated to do: This moisturizing treatment has a corset-like effect on the skin, giving the appearance of a visibly more defined, contoured complexion. A proprietary complex of black tea ferment, black tea extract, blackberry leaf extract, and lychee seed extract inhibits damaging free radicals and helps to improve skin elasticity, while belle de nuit extract helps to soothe and rebalance the skin. The formula contains peptides to firm the skin and visibly defy the signs of gravity, and hyaluronic acid to help attract and maintain moisture to enhance suppleness. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates Research results: In a 28-day consumer test on 32 subjects: - 94% noticed their skin was more supple and radiant after 2 weeks - 91% noticed diminished signs of fatigue after 2 weeks - 97% noticed their skin looked visibly healthier after 1 month - 94% noticed their skin looked revitalized after 1 month - 88% noticed improved elasticity and firmness after 1 month Suggested Usage: -Massage a generous layer onto the face and neck. -Leave on overnight. -Can be used nightly as the final step of your skincare ritual. Size:3.3 ozIngredients:​ -Proprietary Complex of Black Tea Ferment, Black Tea Extract, Blackberry Leaf Extract, and Lychee Seed Extract: Inhibits damaging free radicals and helps to improve skin elasticity. -Belle De Nuit Extract: Helps to soothe and rebalance the skin. -Peptides: Firm the skin’s appearance and visibly defy signs of gravity. -Hyaluronic Acid: Attracts and maintains moisture to enhance suppleness. Water, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, Jojoba Esters, Isohexadecane, Ammonium Acryloyldimethyltaurate/Vp Copolymer, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Camellia Oleifera Seed Oil, Pentylene Glycol, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Mirabilis Jalapa Extract, Glyceryl Stearate, Steareth-21, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Dimethicone, Oxidized Corn Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Cera Alba (Beeswax), Kigelia, Africana Fruit Extract, Saccharomyces Ferment Filtrate, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Rubus Fruticosus (Blackberry) Leaf Extract, Litichi Chinensis Seed Extract, Rosa Damascena Flower Oil, Sodium Hyaluronate, Adenosine, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tocopherol, Ceteareth-20, Behenyl Alcohol, Fragrance, Ceteareth-12, Cetearyl Alcohol, Sodium Citrate, Sodium Polyacrylate Starch, Sodium Polyacrylate, Sorbitan Laurate, Disodium Edta, Maltodextrin, Silica, Tetrasodium Edta, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Acetyl Dipeptide-1 Cetyl Ester, Citric Acid, Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), BHT, Potassium Sorbate, Biotin, Phenoxyethanol, Linalool, Citronellol, Geraniol.
The camo design of these adidas shorts puts a fun new twist on classic athletic shorts. regular fit elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets 11 inseam polyester washable imported
All-cotton Arizona cargo shorts add soft texture (and a ton of storage space) to your casual days.   sits just below waist regular fit zip fly with button closure front scoop pockets side cargo pockets with 2-button flaps back, button-through welt pockets 10½ inseam cotton washable imported
With timeless print and classic details, this plaid button-front shirt pairs perfectly with jeans or khakis for an easy look and everyday style.   point collar button front long sleeves chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
This vanity features a spacious table top, roomy enough for cosmetics, jewelry and beauty supplies.   thickly padded and upholstered stool intricately detailed spindle legs adjustable mirror generously sized vanity drawer Rubberwood/MDF/foam/fabric/glass. Measures 32x18.3x49H. Some assembly required. Imported.
This colorful watch will be a hit with Marvel fans. It features the Captain America shield on the dial.   Brand: Marvel Bezel Color: Black Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Blue Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Special Feature: Captain America character theme   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our peasant top features fringe details along the flutter sleeves and a tie-up front for a look that's full of boho-chic style. roundneck short sleeves tie-up front flutter sleeve details polyester washable imported
Step into your bathroom with a floor covered in pure luxury with this rug collection made from Comforel® nylon.   foam latex backing prevents slippage cut and loop design Each rug sold separately. Comforel nylon. Washable. Made in America. Oblong rugs: available in 21x34”, 24x40”, 22x60”, 17x24” Contour rug (fits around toilet base): 21x24” Standard lid cover: 18½x19” Elongated lid cover: 18x21”
Put your heart in it with this pendant necklace. Crafted from 14K yellow gold that's gone through a patented hardening process, this necklace is exceptionally durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. It will also maintain its consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Hypoallergenic and nickel free.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 box chain Pendant Size: 10.45x8.95mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Rise above it all in this palm-tree lined short-sleeve T-Shirt. regular fit crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Personalize your favorite looks with this nameplate necklace adorned with a snowflake drop from Disney's hit movie Frozen.Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silverClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long cable chain with 2 extenderPersonalize: Up to 10 lettersJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Accented with an inspirational message and appliquéd motifs, this fairy princess-themed tissue holder gives your bathroom a magical, cheerful feel. durable resin construction glazed finish hand-painted design Resin. Measures 5x5x5½H. Imported.
Our denim Bermuda shorts feature a classic fit and rolled-up bottom cuffs for a distressed look. ●    button and zip fly●    5-pocket styling●    mid rise●    classic fit●    9.5 inseam when folded●    cotton/polyester/spandex●    washable●    imported
Stand out from the crowd in our printed dress with coordinating duster jacket to easily transition between temperatures. center back zip 3/4 sleeves 44 length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Featuring convenient fill lines, a straining cover and pour spouts, this 5-quart Dutch oven is ideal for braising meats. durable hard-anodized aluminum long stainless steel handle stays cool PFOA-free ceramic nonstick surface oven safe up to 450°F tempered glass lid allows easy viewing hand wash imported
true Keep your clothing looking and feeling their best with this 7.4 cu. ft. capacity of our HE Sensor Dry dryer from GE®. The quiet-by-design feature minimizes noise for convenient placement and over 12 drying cycles allows you to customize your clean with endless options. ENERGY STAR® qualified 7.4 cu. ft. capacity 12 drying cycles: Active Wear, Antibacterial, Damp Dry, De-Wrinkle, Extended Tumble, Mixed Load, Quick Fluff, Towels/ Sheets, Cool Down, Less Dry, More Dry, Wrinkle Care aluminized alloy drum electronic control panel 4 heat temperatures: high, medium, low/extra, low/no heat up to 120 ft. venting capability provides flexible installation extended tumble freshly tumbles your garments periodically for up to 8 hours when unable to move clothing to the dryer right away HE Sensor Dry keeps your clothes looking and feeling their best. Dual thermistors continually monitor temperature with a sensor bar that measures moisture to prevent over-drying My Cycle Settings dry clothes with the settings you prefer on any cycle, rather than the defaults, and store your settings for later use damp alert notifies you when clothes are the ideal dampness for ironing, for perfectly wrinkle-free results Quiet-by-Design sound protection minimizes dryer noise for convenient placement in first-floor laundry rooms or near bedrooms dryer duct and electrical cords required for installation and are sold separately
Get ready to impress in these rectangular sunglasses. ideal for round faces 100% UVA/UVB protection polycarbonate lenses plastic frames imported
Pamper your feet with the superior comfort and style of our MUK LUKS micro chenille slippers. memory foam insole polyester microfiber machine wash, dry flat rubber sole S (5-6); M (7-8); L (9-10)  
The USHM180S bathroom scale measures body weight, body fat, body water and muscle mass. The scale is ultra thin in design and capable of storing individual user data for up to 4 users.    measures up to 400 lbs (180 kg) in 0.2 lb (0.1 kg) increments measures body fat, hydration, and muscle mass percentages in addition to body weight. 4-user profiles with automatic profile selection automatic shut-off feature ensures long battery life (4 AAA batteries included) durable, light-weight construction ultra slim design (only ¾ inch) Plastic. Measures 12x12”. Wipe with a clean damp cloth. Imported. Lifetime Limited Warranty.
Pour on the style with this extensive Red Vanilla Viola set of beautifully crafted wine glasses – perfect for gift-giving or hosting your next cocktail party.   clear, reflective glass attractive, thin stems footed bases gift boxed 18-piece set includes: six 18½-ounce, 9 white wine glasses six 20-ounce, 9½ all-purpose red wine/water glasses  six 8-ounce, 9¼ champagne flutes  Glass. Hand wash. Imported.      
Create the ultimate oasis with these indoor/outdoor rugs. A simple repeating scroll pattern against a colorful background is coupled with element-withstanding fibers for long-lasting enjoyment.   designed for high-traffic areas such as entryways or kitchens woven construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Egypt ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Yes Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported  
Give your hair a healthy, shiny look with the i.CHI pink hair dryer.   low Electric Magnetic Fields allow your hair to dry more quickly ceramic coils and heaters produce ions to keep your hair soft and manageable without frizz or static electricity 2 speed settings with cool shot button  includes diffuser and concentrator 1300 watts JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month. 
These rugs feature an interlocking design combined with earth tone hues to tie everything together in both elegant and casual settings, indoors or out.   part of the Montego rug collection designed for indoor or outdoor use easy-care, flat weave construction mold and mildew resistant Polypropylene. Spot clean with cold water; use soap on stubborn stains; line dry. Rug pad recommended for indoor use. Imported.
Wonderfully detailed with full- and half-cross-stitches, this Gold Collection cross-stitch kit is perfect no matter what your style. cotton blend 14x11H finished size imported kit includes: 18-count ivory Aida presorted thread 1 thread sorter 1 needle easy-to-follow instructions
Brand: Disney CollectionDial Color: WhiteStrap: Silver-tone stainless steelClasp: DeploymentMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 30mCase Width: 38mmCase Thickness:  10.2mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.7 long; 18mm wideModel No.: W002797   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Show everyone how spoiled your puppy is with this protective pet mat that keeps your floor clean and your doggy happy.   protects floors underneath pet dishes or by the kitchen sink indoor/outdoor use perfect for any pet lover or smaller pet liquid resistant nonskid latex backing rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces measures 13x19 Cotton/polyester with latex backing. Machine wash, dry flat. Imported.
From leggings to pretty skirts, she’ll look stylish and sweet wearing our cute boots. synthetic upper lace up closed toe EVA sole
Reading, writing and arithmetic get the royal treatment with this sweet Sofia the First backpack, featuring a large zippered compartment, padded back and glitter graphic. large, double zipped compartment interior writing utensil organizing pockets padded back adjustable shoulder straps 2 exterior mesh water bottle holders vinyl screen art on top of glitter background interior “I belong to” label 14x2x18 polyester wipe clean imported
A trendy mix of aquamarine and jade with cultured freshwater pearls gives these linear drop earrings stylish, wear-anywhere appeal.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Genuine aquamarine Other Stones: Genuine green jade, cultured freshwater pearls Back: Wire Length: 3 Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Your inner earth goddess will adore this braided, brown leather bracelet featuring a floral-etched brass plate.   Metal: Brass Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 7 1/4 braided leather cord Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bold camo accents highlight the brand that knows how to help you reach your peak performance. Pullover hoodie features warm Therma-FIT fabric and a move-easy design. Therma-FIT fabric helps keep you warm and insulated mesh-lined hood neck tape for comfort chest logo appliqué long sleeves kangaroo pocket polyester washable imported
Keep your cool in timeless style with our game-elevating Nike Toki athletic shoes.   construction canvas/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up rubber autoclave midsole  
The perfect balance between luxury and simplicity with a delicate touch of lace. 600 thread-count for the ultimate in comfort easy-care, quick-dry and soft combed cotton/polyester. l set of 2 Washable. Imported.  
These sporty soccer pants are ready for a pickup game at a moment’s notice with secure zipper pockets and a zip-leg style for easy on-off. soft jersey fabric regular fit sits at the waist elastic waist with drawstring 2 front zip pockets closed bottom with zipper polyester washable imported  
A beautiful quilted design in soft colors gives this sham a textured look that perfectly accents your bedroom. unique quilted look with embroidered design cotton standard sham: 20x26 king sham: 20x36 imported
Protect your car’s cargo area from hair and stains with this high-quality, durable pet cargo cover.   600 Denier, vinyl backing keeps area dry easy installation fits most cars Vinyl. Spot clean. Imported.
She'll be dazzled by this cubic zirconia sterling silver bridal ring set.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Simulated diamond 4.78 ct. t.w. diamond equivalent Gallery Height: 8.06mm   Carat (ct.) total weight (t.w.) represents the approximate total weight of diamonds or equivalent appearance. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our a.n.a® t-shirt pulls some trendy highlights together to give you a cutting edge look that's appropriate for all that you do. v-neck short sleeves high-low hem approx. 27 length rayon washable imported
Inspired by vintage etchings, the design of these rugs captures a distressed look in hues of blue and brown.   heat set for long-lasting colors woven construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in America 10mm pile height; 10mm overall height Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly. Spot clean or professionally clean. Origin: Made in America  
A touch of lace in just the right places takes our Marie Meili plunge bra to new heights of appeal. lined underwire polyester/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
Our Arizona halter swim top has a vivid print and retro embroidery for an even more exciting swimwear look.   adjustable, self tie halter straps built-in bra with underwire nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
  Add a little spice to your wardrobe with our interesting Liz Claiborne top featuring a very exciting embroidered yoke.   roundneck cap sleeves back button and keyhole approx. 23½ length front: rayon back: rayon/polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Make Peanuts character gummy candies at home with this gummy candy maker.  includes a giant Snoopy mold makes 40 gummies 10.83x6.3x9.4 hand wash imported
Our skinny jeans give a distressed look to your style and feature a belly band for on-trend modern maternity style. belly band distressed skinny leg 31 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Nothing warms up the mood like a sweet and doughy batch of hot, fresh donuts straight from your kitchen. This easy-to-use appliance makes whipping up thirty a breeze.   makes up to 30 donuts per batch dough dispensing mechanism creates perfect miniature treats stainless steel spatulas turn and deliver donuts to the dispensing chute includes drip tray to change oil after each use safety guard lids keep hands away from hot oil wipe base clean with a damp cloth Stainless steel/plastic. Measures 22.8x6.9x14H. Imported. 
The sporty style of our performance pants can take you to the gym or be a comfy choice for a lazy day. elastic waist slim fit approx. 25-26 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Add a splash of color to your cool, casual style with our figure-framing skinny jeans. 5-pocket styling 32 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Turn any room into a haven of sophistication with this elegant curtain panel. reduce heating and cooling costs by up to 35%* 3 rod pocket jacquard damask pattern 2 header allows for a shirred style with the rod pocket Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported. *Cost savings represent the relative cost of heating or cooling an areato account for heat lost or gained through a window. Savings reflect comparison to a bare single-pane window. Energy Savings logo developed by JCPenney for exclusive use. Energy Savings testing conducted by an independent third-party laboratory.
Complete the look of your living room with this decorative pillow with a finish that is very soft to the touch.   brushed fringe trim detail measures 18x18 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
This decorative pillow features a wedding ring design with scalloped trim for a unique look you'll love. ivory background with wedding ring design in sage and burgundy scalloped trim measures 18x18 Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
You'll love the fun pattern of our crosshatch woven shirt, perfect for a day outdoors. point collar button front short sleeves left chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
These simple, beautiful dinner plates are an essential addition to your dinnerware collection. set of 12 porcelain dishwasher, freezer and microwave safe each measures 10½x10½  imported
This extra-long necklace knows how to work all the right angles, especially with its colorful pendant that dangles delightfully. Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Green epoxy stones Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 34 long cable chain with 2 extender Pendant Size: 1¾x3 long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
true Comfortably load and unload clothes—and use the top as a folding surface— with this front-load electric dryer featuring a factory-installed pedestal and powerful steam-cleaning features. 8.1 cu. ft. stainless steel drum resists rust and helps protect clothes HE SensorDry™ with dual thermistors continually monitors temperature and moisture to prevent clothing wear and tear Steam Dewrinkle feature uses steam to refresh and dry loads of any size Detangle Assist feature separates twisted sheets and comforters Steam Refresh feature that gets rid of wrinkles and odors on lightly worn clothes left-swing door 47 x 28 x 34 3/8 shop matching washer Short on space? To stack any front-load, front-control washer & dryer pair, purchase the corresponding Stacking Kit (sold separately) and select the “Stack Front Load Laundry Units” option from the Additional Parts & Services list when you add to bag. 
Make delicious and nutritious drinks, snacks and meals with this heavy-duty nutrition center juicer. Designed with a dual-stage juice processing system so you get the most of your fruit and veggies, this juicer also juices at a slower speed, which protects and maintains healthy enzymes so each drink has the maximum health benefits.   masticating style processes at 80rpm the GE Ultem Auger is 8x stronger than most other plastics powerful gear reduction is equivalent to a 2HP motor perfect for whipping milk, extruding pasta, grinding coffee, mincing herbs and making nut butters and baby food 150 watts. Polystyrene/plastic. Removable parts are dishwasher safe. Measures 7x15½x8½”H. Imported.
The black and gold tones in this women’s watch from Puma exude confidence and strength and will look sharp whether you’re in the boardroom or on the boardwalk.   Brand: Puma Dial Color: Black Strap: Black leather Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m and under Case Width: 40mm Case Thickness: 9mm Model No.: PU103772005   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Blondewood and a leather loop make our paddleboard beautiful enough for serving or prepping. stainless steel grommet and leather loop allows for easy hanging blondewood 20.5x8x0.5H hand wash, oil regularly imported
Morning or night, our super-soft, cotton-blend robe infuses luxury into your down time.   cotton/polyester washable imported  
A woven band gives our white gold ring a unique look, with bright diamonds adding brilliance.  Metal: 14K white gold Stone: 1/7 ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: G-I Clarity: I1 Dimensions: 20.5x20.6mmDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
An anytime-wearable style combines with a softly flowing look on our notched-neck blouse. long sleeves notched v-neck misses: approx. 27⅛ - 28¾ front length petite: approx. 24⅝ - 26¼ front length polyester washable imported
Like a piece out of a fairytale, this genuine Swiss blue topaz and diamond pendant necklace helps you to have an enchanting time.   Metal: 18K white gold Stones: Genuine pear-shaped Swiss blue topaz Other Stones: 1¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds Diamond Color: H-I Diamond Clarity: SI2 Dimensions: 18 long cable chain   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Diamond total carat weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Say hello to glorious style with our fantastic Stylus perforated jacket with laser-cut detailing on the hem and cuffs. 3/4 length sleeves approx. 20½ length polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Wake up your windows with these faux-wood blinds that add contemporary charm to your home. 2 wide horizontal slats 3¼ designer crown valance valance return and clip cord lift design child safety cord consolidator wand tilter decorative tassel Sold individually. PVC/steel. Window must be 1.73 deep for inside mount; 3.27 deep for flush inside mount. Blind received will be 1/2 shorter to account for deduction of end caps. If exact size is needed, order a blind 1/2 larger. Mounting hardware included. Dust or wipe with damp cloth. Imported.  
Our classic canvas bermuda shorts from Lee features a comfort no-gap waistband that stays close to your body but moves with you for a fit you'll love. comfort fit mid rise button-and-zip fly solid colors, plaids: cotton/spandex heritage: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 10 inseam petite: 8½ inseam
The insulated interior of this Doc McStuffins lunchbox helps keep food warm or cold, while the colorful exterior keeps mealtime fun. interior mesh compartment with self-stick fastener 2 zipper pulls accessory loop interior I belong to label 21x9.7x18.2 polyester wipe clean imported
Show your artsy side with this outdoor pillow featuring a fun bird print. whimsical bird pattern polyester with polyester fill spot clean 17x17 imported
Luxe lace stands out in any crowd and gives our Bisou Bisou dress eye-catching appeal.   v-neck sleeveless length vary by size 39 - 43 shell: nylon/spandex insert: polyester/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
These water-resistant, fleece-lined boots with memory foam inside and rugged lug soles outside will get you through both city streets and the great outdoors in comfort.   Thermabuck/water-resistant upper Flexastride memory foam insole fleece lining lace up lugged rubber sole for traction imported
An upscale take on the classic moccasin design, these loafers are a comfy way to dress up your weekday look. leather upper slip on rubber sole
Give your active look a refresh with our layered-look placed print v-neck T-shirt. pigment print misses: approx. 25⅝ - 27½ front length petites: approx. 23 - 25 front length 1x1 ribbed knit cotton/polyester washable imported
Cuisinart introduces the Velocity Ultra Trio blender/food processor with travel cups—a dynamic threesome that lets you do it all. The blender’s smart power and sophisticated electronics let you mince delicate herbs, whip up smoothies and even chop ice. Attach the food processor work bowl to slice, shred, chop or mix up a dip. powerful 1 HP motor with overload protection blender jar has ultra-sharp stainless steel blade assembly blend right in the two travel cups, put on the lids and enjoy healthy drinks to go preprogrammed smoothie and ice crush settings low and high speeds with pulse control electronic touchpad controls with LED indicators Includes: 56-ounce, BPA-free Tritan blender jar 3-cup food processor attachment with feed tube and pusher slicing/shredding disc stainless steel chopping blade two 16-ounce travel cups removable 2-ounce rmeasuring cap on blendar jar lid recipe book AC/DC. Stainless steel with Tritan jar. Measures 7.8x13.5x15.8H. Imported.  
For those times when he needs to look his best and still feel comfortable, this cotton button-down is great for casual and semi-casual occasions and features 2-front pockets so he can take whatever he needs with him.   pointed collar button front short sleeves 2 front-breast pockets with button closure 100% cotton washable imported
Ideally sized for dorms, apartments, bedrooms and bathrooms, this small bamboo trash can is a naturally inviting addition to your home. sturdy, lightweight bamboo construction solid interior; slatted exterior flat base for stability Bamboo. Measures 9x9x11.4H. Imported.
This short-sleeve button-front shirt made of 100% woven cotton in a timeless plaid look will work great with either V-neck or crewneck sweaters or alone with khaki pants. button-down collar button front short sleeves cotton washable imported
Featuring an Eiffel Tower-inspired design, this slim wall clock is the perfect addition to any room in your home. plastic 11x11 requires 1 “AA” battery, not included imported
Update your window and help block out light and noise with our custom blackout roman shade helps keep room warmer in winter and cooler in summer creates soft pleats when opened backing with inaccessible cord liner keeps cords out of the way cord lift 6 fabric valance Sold individually. Polyester. Window must be 1¼ deep for inside mount; 1⅝ deep for flush inside mount. Mounting hardware included. Clean with a damp cloth. Imported.  For current pricing, measure your windows, fill in the order form and click on Calculate Price. This shade is shipped directly from the supplier to you; allow up to 3 weeks plus transit for delivery anywhere in the 48 contiguous United States. Custom blinds, shades and draperies are custom fabricated to your specifications. To receive a refund, you must cancel the order within 24 hours of the initial transaction.
He'll be the definition of dapper in this adorable, clip-on bow tie.   pre-tied adjustable clip-on polyester spot clean imported
Beautifully display your February birthstone with these genuine purple amethyst earrings set in 14K yellow gold.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 4x6mm oval genuine purple amethyst Back: Post Dimensions: 4x6mm   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Ideal for any brew-lover’s home or wet bar collection, this custom-engraved party glassware set features glasses specifically designed to enhance the taste of most beers. clear glass construction each can be engraved with a single block initial 5-piece set includes: 16-ounce classic pilsner 16-ounce beer can glass 16½-ounce stemmed pilsner 20-ounce curved pilsner 64-ounce growler Glass. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
Get him ready for school or to stay overnight with this Mario Bros. team backpack and its included lunch box. top loop handle adjustable shoulder straps full-zip main compartment; 3 external pockets detachable insulated lunch box with Velcro® closure backpack: 16Hx12Wx5D lunch box: 7.5Hx9.5Wx4D polyester wipe clean imported
Wireless comfort with support: our seamless foam cup bra from Hanes combines the best of both for a style you'll love to wear every day. no seam construction for 360 degree comfort patented Smooth Tec Band™ built-up sides and back convertible straps full coverage medium support lightly lined and padded easy to fit sizes S-XXL polyester hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #HU05
When the going gets tough, these boots get going. Featuring a waterproof, breathable design and comfort-minded features, they’re perfect for the hard-working man. technology GORE-TEX lining provides water resistance and breathability iCS technology lets you adjust the comfort level to fit your needs Vibram® outsole technology provides durability and traction YKK® nylon side zipper construction leather/nylon upper rubber sole details lace up
Our loose-fit crochet sleeve peasant top will be a pretty addition to your everyday essentials. scoopneck long sleeves misses: 29 length from shoulder petites: 28 length from shoulder lined polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Bask in the sunshine of tropics with this Sao Paolo ¾-sleeve tropical print tunic.●    v-notch neck●    3/4 sleeves●    polyester●    washable●    imported  
Set of 3 wall hangings, each 10 diameter.    Imported
You'll feel comfy and confident in our straight-leg jeans, featuring a stretch-fit belly panel perfect for your growing baby bump. straight leg mid rise 30½ inseam ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable Imported
Color-enhanced black diamonds radiate excellence on this men's ring that's both dressy and fashionable. An inlaid chain-link design adds the perfect finishing touch to the polished and oxidized sterling silver band. Designed with a rounded comfort fit interior that slides on easily and avoids pinching.Metal: Black rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: ¼ ct. t.w. round color-enhanced black diamondsSetting: ProngDimensions: 12.95x10.16mm longSome diamonds may be treated and require special care
Our tank top and vest set is full of extra-cute girly style, featuring an owl graphic print on the tank top, fringe details on the faux suede vest and a detachable necklace to complete the look. tank top: scoopneck fringe details on vest includes necklace vest: polyester tank top: cotton/polyester vest: hand wash, dry flat; remove necklace before washing tank top: washable imported
Set sail with our ultra-trendy sailboat print swim shorts. elastic waist with drawstring slit side pockets mesh liner left leg logo embroidery 7 inseam polyester washable imported
She'll look even more precious in our tee, featuring a graphic print of Pinkie Pie from My Little Pony. crewneck short sleeves knit cotton/polyester washable imported
Smooth out your silhouette for a flawless look under your clothes with our sheer singlet featuring figure-enhancing shaping and extra-firm control for an ultra-slimming effect. lift bust flattens tummy defines waist slims hips and thighs body: nylon/spandex crotch: cotton/spandex washable imported
Three twisting rows of sterling silver make a stunning ring featuring ¼ ct. t.w. white and color-enhanced black diamonds.  Metal: Sterling silverStones: ¼ ct. t.w. round white and color-enhanced black diamondsWhite Diamond Color: I-JWhite Diamond Clarity: I3Gallery Height: 5.92mm  Some diamonds may be treated and require special care
Lace shoulders meet a pleated bodice in our graceful mesh gown that will have you exuding elegance.   60 length from shoulder polyester lined hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Our cropped jeans feature a skinny fit for a casual look. button closure sits below the waist skinny fit 5-pocket styling 23 inseam cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Sturdy design meets style with these slim jeans from Dickies. slim fit skinny leg 5-pocket styling zip fly cotton/spandex washable imported
Put the final touch on playful decor with this tailored valance featuring a damask design and pink ribbon stripe.   ½ bottom and side hem lined Measures 72x15L. Sold individually. 3 rod pocket. Polyester with polyester lining. Dry clean. Imported.
Dream sweet dreams in our lovely lace cami and capris sleep set.  includes cami and capris polyester/spandex washable imported
Spice up your wardrobe with our long-haired faux-fur and knit-back vest. 25¾ front length acrylic dry clean only imported
Give your look more texture when the weather allows in these soft and warm Bedford corduroy pants from Haggar. sits just below waist classic straight fit hidden expandable waist front slant pockets back button-through welt pockets hemmed cotton/polyester washable imported
Chef Designs keeps it classic in the kitchen with a double-breasted, reversible chef coat.   reversible stand collar double-breasted 10-button front left chest pocket left sleeve thermometer pocket cuffed sleeves with vented clean finish polyester/cotton washable imported of domestic fabric more sizes: regular, big
The metallic blouson top gives instant appeal to our stretch-knit sheath dress. crewneck sleeveless back button top: polyester skirt: polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
This soft cotton sweater with center-focused argyle pattern adds visual depth to your favorite seasonal styles. v-neck long sleeves rib-knit cuffs and hem cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
What it is:An antiaging overnight facial cream for smooth, deeply hydrated skin.What it is formulated to do:Sleep your way to a more youthful-looking complexion. Drawing on the healing and intense moisturizing power of Ultra Repair, this super charged blend combats key signs of visible aging during skin’s nightly repair phase. The unique formula includes a powerful peptide blend to support natural collagen and smooth the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, glutaline-in-tense to firm, and niacinamide to improve skin's elasticity and revive skin's healthy tone and texture. Sodium hyaluronate, colloidal oatmeal, and conditioning butters and waxes repair and deeply hydrate for healthy, supple skin. This weightless, buttery cream seamlessly envelops skin with impressive nourishment and locks in vital moisture throughout the night. Appropriate for all skin typeseven the most sensitive skinapply nightly before bedtime to wake up to a renewed complexion with firmer, smoother, and moisturized skin. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:All products are allergy-tested, free of artificial fragrances, dermatologist-recommended, and safe for even the most sensitive skin. Research results:A clinical and consumer study demonstrated:- 41% improvement in skin elasticity over 8 weeks of twice-daily use- 90% softer, smoother, and more supple skin after 4 weeks of continued use- Significant improvement in skin firmness over 8 weeks of twice-daily useSuggested Usage:-Apply nightly to clean, dry skin.-May be used alone or over your favorite serum.Ingredients​ -Glutaline-In-Tense: Encourages skin firmness and smooths the look of fine lines and wrinkles.-Niacinamide: Improves skin elasticity and revives its healthy tone and texture.-Sodium Hyaluronate: Plumps the look of skin for a more youthful appearance.-Colloidal Oatmeal: Eliminates flakiness, redness, and calms the skin.Water, Glycerin, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Dimethicone, C10-18 Triglycerides, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Glyceryl Stearate, Lactobacillus Ferment, Jojoba Esters, Acacia Decurrens Flower Wax, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer, Algae Extract, Butylene Glycol, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract (Green Tea), Carbomer, Ceteth-20, Cetyl Alcohol, Chrysanthemum Parthenium (Feverfew) Extract, Colloidal Oatmeal, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Hydroxypropyl Cyclodextrin, Niacinamide, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-38, Peg-75 Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Polyglycerin-3, Polysorbate 20, Sodium Hyaluronate, Sodium Hydroxide, Spilanthes Acmella Flower Extract, Steareth-20, Tetrasodium Edta, Xanthan Gum.
Keep your spices within easy reach while saving valuable counter space with this stainless steel revolving spice rack. It includes 16 jars with sifter caps pre-filled with premium spices clearly marked for easy identification.   each jar is filled, sealed and tamper-proofed in America glass bottles keep spices on display each cap is clearly labeled for easy identification includes free spice refills for 5 years Stainless steel/bamboo/glass. Measures 8⅛x8⅛x16⅜H. Hand wash jars and lids; wipe rack clean. Made in America.  
With its colorful store sign graphic, this cotton tee reminds you that you can always count on the Caped Crusader for 24-7 justice. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Keep your look slim without sacrificing comfort in these tapered twill pants, featuring a flex fabric for ease of movement. flex fabric felled inseam for comfort and durability stonewashed for softness sits below the waist slim fit through seat and thigh 5-pocket flat front tapered leg hemmed polyester/cotton washable imported
Stay grounded in any weather when you wear these comfortable Mary Jane shoes. Made with light and breathable material and padded removable insoles, you'll be sure to have both style and support.●    leather upper●    1.25 heel●    cross-strap design●    hook-and-loop closure●    thermoplastic rubber sole  
Go from desk to dance with poise and panache with this classic watch and its clean dial, three sweeping hands and multi-link bracelet.   Brand: Bulova Dial Color: Silver-tone Strap: Two-tone stainless steel Clasp: Foldover with pushers Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 28mm Bracelet Dimensions: 6.5mm wide Model No.: 98L217 Special Features: Flat mineral glass   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our medallion shaped bath rug features an eye-catching modern design in a tonal blue color.●    soft, plush tufted texture●    easily matches versatile decor●    chain-stitched hem with bound edges●    coordinating accessories sold separately●    26x26●    cotton●    washable●    imported  
No matter what weather is thrown your way, our Viper Pro 8 work boots ensure you get the job done while maintaining your professional look.   technology 400gm Thinsulate™ insulation helps control temperature construction full-grain leather/nylon mesh upper high-traction, slip-resistant rubber sole details side-zip/lace-up entry waterproof, breathable bootie keeps the interior dry
With added style and a rubber sole for increased traction, our leather slip-on shoes offer a durable ride to get you through the long day. construction leather upper rubber sole details slip on slip and stain resistant
Enjoy the tinkling of this wind chime as the breeze makes music for you, and at night a small light glows in the lantern above thanks to the sun’s rays.   metal and plastic battery included 4.125x4.125x43H imported
Get a classic look you can wear with just about anything with our soft denim shorts. original fit button fly 5-pocket styling flat front 11 inseam  100% cotton washble imported
What it is:A creamy, full-coverage concealer that won’t ever crease, flake or leave you wanting more. What it does:This top selling liquid concealer offers crease-free, creamy coverage with skinvigorating™ skincare benefits. Powered by nourishing maracuja and rich antioxidants, the multitasking formula reawakens a dull complexion while it smooths and improves the look of your skin’s tone and texture. With an array of shades to complement a range of skintones and undertones, this waterproof concealer expertly hides redness, dark spots, and discolorations while imparting a brightening finish that minimizes the look of dark circles for a flawlessly radiant complexion. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens - Phthalates What else you need to know:This product is vegan-friendly and dermatologist tested. Suggested Usage:-Using a concealer brush, apply onto undereye area in an upside down triangle formation to help naturally brighten the undereye area and offset the look of dark circles. -To camouflage spots or imperfections, apply a thin layer of concealer after your foundation and gently blend until full and even coverage is achieved. Size:0.28 ozIngredients:-Maracuja: Rich in essential fatty acids and Vitamin C for firmer, brighter, smoother skin and maximum hydration. -Vitamin C: Antioxidant-free radical fighter that helps to prevent the premature signs of aging, while brightening skin. -Vitamin E: A natural preservative that also acts as an emollient and antioxidant. -Mineral Pigments: Soothe and soften skin. Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Cetyl Alcohol, VP/Hexadecene Copolymer, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Microcrystalline Wax/ Cera Microcristallina/Cire Microcristalline, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Passiflora Edulis Seed Oil, Tocopherol. (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77492, CI 77491, CI 77499), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140).
Our tee is made from cotton and features a regular fit for a comfortable casual look. crewneck short sleeves regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
These jeans are the real deal, in an authentic 5-pocket style and built with rugged reliablity that you can count on for years.   midweight denim sits at waist zip fly with button closure  regular fit through seat and thigh for closer to body fit   classic straight leg design, 16 opening 100% ringspun cotton for more premium soft feel and added durability washable imported  
Make dressing him for the beach easy with this colorful 3-piece swim set. includes short-sleeve rash guard, swim trunks and flip flops rash guard and trunks: UPF 50 trunks: elastic waistband, faux drawstring closure, mesh brief liner rash guard: polyester/spandex trunks: polyester washable imported
He can dress up without getting buttoned up in a stylish IZOD blazer with a little casual flair.   2-button single-breasted styling chest pocket, 2 flap pockets and 2 inside pockets side vents with stitching polyester/rayon/wool polyester lining dry clean imported
true Getting your laundry fresh and dry has never been so simple as with this dryer from LG. Tag On Technology lets you download new cycles for your dryer from an easy-to-use app, making laundry day simpler than ever. 7.4 cu. ft. ultra large capacity Intelligent Electronic Controls with Dual LED Display with Dial-A-Cycle™ 12 dry programs including: Cotton/Normal, Perm. Press, Towels, Delicates, Small Load, Heavy Duty, Bulky/Large, SteamFresh™, SteamSanitary™, Download stackable design provides an all-in-one vertical look to maximize floor space ReduceStatic™ Option lightly moistens clothes to make ironing easier and more efficient SmartDiagnosis™ feature helps the service center diagnose problems over the phone or smartphone app Lo Decibel™ Quiet Operation minimizes dryer noise to help keep your environment peaceful NFC Tag-on technology allows you to quickly and easily change and customize cycles with a simple smartphone app FlowSense™ Duct Clogging Indicator lets you know when it's time to clean the ducts Note: In order for pedestals to be installed they must be purchased and delivered with the corresponding washer and dryer.shop matching washer
This guitar-shaped cheese board will delight your guests at your next wine and cheese tasting.   spilt-level cutting board swivels open to reveal the included wine and cheese utensils stored inside made of eco-friendly rubberwood with bamboo inlays brushed stainless steel utensils Rubberwood. Measures 7½x13¾x1¾H. Imported.  
Make a bold statement when you head to the beach accentuating your curves in our lace-up tankini swim top. tank straps molded cups partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
For a classic look that you can wear all year long, nestle into our polo shirt's breathable pique cotton knit with a hint of stretch-appeal. flat knit collar short sleeves button placket approx. 26¾-29 length cotton/spandex washable imported
Made up of heart-shaped beads set between the links, our necklace is more than just a simple chain.Metal: Stainless steel Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 36 chainJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These opaque tights are a darling addition to any girly look. includes 3 pairs of tights polyester washable imported
Just a mere 50 oz. of this powerful detergent ensures 100 of your toughest laundry loads gets fresh and clean. safe to use on all fabrics in any water type ergonomically designed handle for easy carry compact, lightweight size for small spaces built-in drain-back cap, plus measuring cup in one hypoallergenic, HE and Standard compliant, biodegradable 5.25x3.5x10.5H contains: deionized water, tinapol 5BM concentrate, sodium xylene sulphonate (40%), propylene glycol, tomadol 1-7, amino methyl propanol made in America
This diamond-cut rope bracelet is high on luminous shine and elegant style. Crafted in Italy.   Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 7½ Width: 2.8mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Genuine leather and sparkling CRYSTALLIZED - Swarovski Elements set this watch apart as a high-quality luxury, perfect for women looking for the finer things in life.   Brand: Armitron Dial Color: White Strap: White leather Accents: 10 CRYSTALLIZED - Swarovski Elements Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 22½mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8¾” long, 23½mm wide Model No.: 75/5089WTGPWT Special Features: white dial, white leather strap, 10 CRYSTALLIZED - Swarovski Elements markers, sweeping second hand Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A clear crystal sparkles on top of this adjustable sterling silver toe ring featuring a patriotic red and blue enamel heart.  Metal: Sterling silverMaterial: Red and blue enamelStones: Crystal  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our jacket features a two-button front with a notch collar and a pin dot print for the perfect desk-to-dinner style. 2-button front with notch collar long sleeves pin dot print 23 length polyester dry clean imported
Casual comfort with an elegant touch, this lace inset top gives her a fashion-flexible look.   lace sides crew neck short cap sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported  
The bold but classic houndstooth design gets a modern twist with our sharp slim-fit tuxedo jacket from JF J. Ferrar. long sleeves notch lapel 2-button placket 2 interior and 2 exterior pockets side vents slim fit polyester/rayon lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Brand: Disney CollectionDial Color: WhiteStrap: White plasticClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 30mCase Width: 40mmCase Thickness: 12mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.5 long; 20mm wideModel No.: W002806   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These adidas stretch cotton boxer briefs are designed to contour the body for maximum support and everyday comfort. climalite® moisture wicking no ride up construction non-chafing stitching tag-free cotton/spandex washable imported
Our entry-level ironing system is great if you want a compact, professional quality system with high-grade components.  1.4 L water capacity 10-15 minute heat up time 4 safety systems heat resistant silicone-rubber iron pad low-water light indicator 35 PSI, 2.5 bar operating pressure 12-guage heavy-duty wiring 1500W electrical AC current stainless steel 13x9x11.5H clean periodically and remove sediment imported
With black, gold and a hint of platinum tones, these curtain panels are sure to add a sophisticated look to your windows. solid faux silk flat piping in soft gold color gives an elegant look Panels are sold as a 2-pack; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. 3 rod pocket. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
The daring front cutout and floral lace design give our sleeveless fit-and-flare dress the feminine flair you crave. scoopneck sleeveless exposed back zipper 38 length from shoulder lined lace polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Get more coverage at the beach with this swim tee that features sun blocking and moisture wicking. wet knitted fabric with UPF 50 and moisture wicking polyester/spandex washable imported
The LINSAY 10.1 quadcore tablet comes with an 8 GB Hard Drive and 1024X600 HD loaded with all the features you want in a tablet with an enormous 10.1 screen. Lightning fast quad core processing means you can play your favorite games in the environment in which they were designed to be played. A built-in front camera makes you the master of awesome pictures. This bundle includes a kids defender case. •10.1 diagonal capacitive multi-touchscreen display with 1024x600 resolution •1.2GHz Cortex A7 quad-core processor •1GB DDR3 RAM •8GB memory •Android KitKat 4.4 operating system •802.11b/g Wi-Fi •built-in stereo speaker •0.3 megapixel front-facing camera with microphone •supports select audio, video, and image files •G-sensor •built-in rechargeable lithium-ion battery •miniSD memory card reader •mini USB port •headphone jack •measures approximately 10.5x6.5x2H; weighs 2 lbs. •UL listed; 1-year limited manufacturer's warranty •imported includes kids defender case
If you've ever had to lug around a baby in a car seat, you know it can get heavy. This car seat is ultra lightweight, so toting baby around is not such a chore. Includes one-step Click Connect technology to easily attach to Graco Click Connect strollers to form a travel system.   removable harness covers and infant head/body support LATCH-equipped, 6-position adjustable stay-in-car base on-base level indicator 5-point harness crash tested to meet or exceed U.S. safety standards EPS, energy-absorbing foam for effective impact energy management weighs 7½ lbs. for rear-facing infants from 4-35 lbs. and up to 32 30.67x18.66x15.59H assembly required; instructions included machine wash, line dry seat cushion imported
Love the way you look in our sleeveless double-layer Worthington blouse. roundneck lined polyester washable imported misses: approx. 22-24½ length petite: approx. 21-23½ length
Featuring sewn-in straps on the sleeves, this jersey-knit Despicable Me graphic tee is sure to become a new favorite. crewneck short sleeves screen-printed graphics 100% cotton washable imported S=4, M=5/6, L=7
Created out of 100% post-consumer content from plastic bottles, our Cohassett rug comes in a fresh palette of icy grey and sugary cream.●spherical tile design in soft touch of premium shag●Everstrand PET construction●0.9 pile height, 0.9 overall thickness●crafted in AmericaStain Resistant: YesFade Resistant: YesSlip Resistant: YesRug Backing: Latex clearcoatFire Retardant: YesRug Pad Recommended: YesUse: IndoorCare Instructions: Spot clean with mild detergent and water or clean professionaly.Origin: made in America
With a fun textured style, these slip-on shoes are made for both comfy casual and dressier work outfits. construction breathable polyester/nylon mesh upper lightweight EVA outsole details hassle-free slip-on design unique fabric pattern for stylish look
A trio of twisted ropes sprinkled with faceted beads makes up this 14K yellow gold bracelet that’s also hypoallergenic and nickel free. Thanks to a patented hardening process, this bracelet is more durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. It will also maintain its consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Metal: 14K yellow goldClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 7.43mmx7¼ long hollow rope chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
These simple pumps are a classic staple for any woman's wardrobe to keep you looking stylish and sophisticated anytime. synthetic upper 3½ heel rubber sole
Designed with the rugged lifestyle in mind, these mid-top shoes feature a waterproof design that’s perfect for altitudes high and low. technology waterproof, breathable Dri-Tec membrane Ortholite® sock liner delivers moisture and odor control i-shield technology repels water and dirt construction suede/mesh/rubber upper rubber sole details lace up compression-molded midsole lightweight nylon fork shank multi-directional traction outsole
This dive-inspired sport watch looks great at any depth. A stopwatch and rotating bezel cover all your timing needs while precision quartz movement keeps it accurate.   Brand: Invicta Dial Color: Blue Strap: Black silicone Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 51mm Case Thickness: 12.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 210mm long
Create a polished, streamlined look with our fully lined, seamed-leg pants from Worthington. straight leg mid rise side zipper with hook-and-eye closure 36 inseam polyester fully lined washable imported
Easily switch looks from black to brown with this versatile, reversible belt.   squared silver buckle imported
Easy-care pants from Van Heusen keep the comfort going all day with a soft and light microfiber fabric and an extender waist.   no-iron waistband expands for a comfortable fit pleated front side pockets cuffed polyester microfiber washable imported
Versatile enough to fit any lifestyle, this generously portioned leather roll-arm sectional lets you kick back and relax while furnishing your space with an updated style.   kiln-dried and laminated wood frame joined with two 16-gauge cords tempered steel spring system cushions filled with upholstery foam wood feet easy-to-use reclining mechanism Steamboat is a 100% top-grain, corrected leather hide with a super-soft feel. This premium leather’s two-tone effect provides a handsome base for subtle pattern and tonal variation. The leather is everywhere you sit and matching vinyl accents are on the backs and sides of the furniture. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Made in America. Measures 221x42x40H overall with a 19 seat height, 23 seat depth and 21 seat back height and includes: Reclining loveseat: 54Wx42Dx40H Seating wedge: 71Wx45Dx40H Reclining armless chair: 22Wx42Dx40H Storage console with cup holder: 13Wx39Dx35H Reclining chaise: 32Wx70Dx40H All colors are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance. 
Interlocking waves create subtle diamonds that play across this room-darkening curtain to add a pop of dazzling style. helps keep your home cooler in the summer and warmer in the winter blocks light and noise for better sleep 2 grommet opening sold individually polyester washable imported
Give your bathroom naturally inspired beauty with a soft hand towel that features refreshing words and images.   decorative embroidery yarn-dyed jacquard fabric keeps colors fresh absorbent, easy-care cotton   Cotton. Measures 16x25. Washable. Imported.
Levi's 508 jeans are defined by their classic comfort and modern tapered fit.   sits below waist zipper fly, button closure 5-pocket styling tapered legs, 14¼ opening regular fit  rinsed playa: 98% cotton/2% elastane black/black 3D: 99% cotton/1% elastane gray/black 3D: 65% cotton/33% polyester/2% elastane black indigo: 98.5% cotton/1.5% elastane other colors: 100% cotton others: cotton/elastane washable imported
Pamper yourself—day or night—in our Glamorise Complete Comfort bra, boasting the comfort of cotton with a specially designed lace racerback back that breathes and provides a smooth looking back. Perfect for sleeping or gentle activity.   stretch cups provide a great fit front closure lace racerback provides breathability and a smooth look stay-down band prevents roll up extra-wide comfort straps prevent slipping cotton/nylon/LYCRA® spandex machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #1908 
This soft fleece jacket is a heavyweight champ that works overtime to keep the chill away.   drawcord closure on hood kangaroo pocket rib-knit cuffs and waistband cotton/polyester washable imported
It’s a winner. With 16 diamonds on the bezel and unique pavé detailing on the dial, this watch dresses up any ensemble.   Brand: JBW Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Accents: ⅙ ct. t.w. diamonds on bezel Strap: Pink leather Movement: Swiss quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 20mm wide Model No.: JB-6210L-E Special Features: 3 multifunction sub dials   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Feel like a princess in our sleeveless maxi dress, featuring a flirty sharkbite hem and sparkly jewel neckline. halterneck sleeveless elastic waist back button 40 length from shoulder polyester hand wash, line dry imported
What it is:A multi-targeted, multi-sensorial quick results brightening treatment for radiant, youthful-looking skin. What it is formulated to do:Powerful and innovative multi-brightening complexes help to create the brightest, lightest, and most luminous skin possible. The TEAOXI® technology is white birch leaf that delivers natural betulin, betulinic acid, and ellagic acid to create an improved, color-balanced skintone. WhiteEnergy™ is a brilliant fusion of powerful natural actives to create intense, bright, and even results. Flashlucent™ is a combination of skin translucency optimizers featuring three levels of exfoliation to drive ingredients into the skin for a luminous, younger-looking complexion. Reflectrum™ is a blend of brightening ingredients boosted with diamond photoluminescence to increase the reflecting level of the skin and make it appear radiant and more attractive. It’s designed for instant and extended results for men and women of all ages, skin types, and skintones. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates Research results:In a consumer use study on 100 individuals:After 3 uses:- 93% said it created a brighter complexion - 88% said it created a luminous complexion- 89% said it visibly boosted skin radiance- 89% said it visibly improved skintone - 91% said it worked better than other brightening treatments previously used- 86% said the results appeared faster than other brightening treatments previously usedAfter 9 uses:- 100% said it created a brighter complexion- 98% said it created a luminous complexion- 98% said it visibly boosted skin radiance- 97% said it visible improved skintone- 91% said it worked better than other brightening treatments previously used- 91% said the results appeared faster than other brightening treatments previously used Suggested Usage:-Apply to dry face in circular motions to pre-exfoliate for improved ingredient absorption.-Leave on for 20 minutes.-Product will turn semi-transparent as ingredients absorb.-Wash off with water.Precautions:-Use three days in a row for improved results.-Thereafter, use two to three times per week to maintain results.-Must use high-SPF sunscreen daily to protect and maintain results.-Results will be lost during extended and/or direct/unprotected sun/sunbed exposure.-Always follow directions. Size:1.7 ozIngredients: -WhiteEnergy™: An advanced fusion of powerful natural active ingredients, with a naturally occurring highly developed complexes, carefully combined to create a potent energized cluster to fight color unevenness helping to create intense bright, lighter, and even results. -Flashlucent™: A combination of natural skin translucency optimizers, formed together as a penetration-complex to help drive active ingredients deeper with the use of white quartz microspheres, white refined pumice, and sun-dried white blanche clayall helping to provide luminous, younger-looking skin. -Reflectrum™: The combination of powerful natural brightening active ingredients boosted with ultra-fine optical diamond photoluminescence to help to increase the individual albedo reflecting level of the skin, causing the skin to appear lighter, brighter, and more attractive. -TEAOXI® White Birch Leaf: Help provides a potent formula and improved, color-balanced skintone. Water, Kaolin, Synthetic Wax, Cetyl Alcohol, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Butylene Glycol, Acetyl Glucosamine, Niacinamide, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Pumice, Glyceryl Stearate, Peg-100 Stearate, Pentylene Glycol, Quartz, Betula Alba Leaf Extract, Betula Pendula Wood Powder, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Paeonia Suffruticosa Root Extract, Jasminum Officinale (Jasmine) Flower Extract, Lilium Candidum Bulb Extract, Rosa Canina Flower Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Diamond Powder, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Xanthan Gum, Fragrance (Parfum), Benzyl Alcohol, Linalool, Amyl Cinnamal, Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Salicylate, Geraniol, Hexyl Cinnamal, Limonene, Potassium Sorbate, Lactic Acid, Allantoin, Disodium EDTA, Ethylhexylglycerin, Salicylic Acid, Glycerin, Ribes Nigrum (Black Currant) Seed Oil, Octyldodecyl Oleate, Octyldodecanol, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, Solidago Virgaurea (Goldenrod) Extract, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Phenoxyethanol.
Find your stride in this soft and light microfleece pullover from Asics, featuring pieced sleeves for extra, on-the-go style. big and tall fit quarter zip long sleeves zip chest pocket contrasting logos and zipper polyester washable imported
With an enchanting bohemian medallion print, our Calhoun comforter set adds calming color to your bedroom in soft shades of plum and navy. plum and navy medallion print on front solid navy back soft microfiber material 2-piece Twin set includes: comforter sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: comforter 2 shams Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Polyester with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 68x90; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: comforter is 88x90; shams are 26x20 King: comforter is 104x92; shams are 36x20
Open wine bottles easily with this cordless electric wine opener. cordless electric bottle opener removes the cork in seconds opens up to 30 bottles on a single charge simple push-button operation foil cutter easily removes seals rechargeable battery included sleek, sophisticated design recharging base included AC current. Plastic/metal. Measures 4.4x4.2x13.3H. Wipe clean. Imported. 
A slim, modern cut gives punch to classic wardrobe basics.   flat front button tab with hook-and-eye closure side pockets back welt pockets straight legs slim fit polyester/viscose washable imported  
Brighten up your bathroom style by adding these modern colors and trellis designs. soft, geometric pattern in shades of gray, citron yellow, blue and mum 100% cotton washable imported Choose from these options to create your own set: single washcloth: 13x13 single hand towel: 16x28 single bath towel: 27x52 6-piece set includes 2 bath towels, 2 hand towels and 2 washcloths Care tip: Some lint may be observed in the first few launderings of towel, and will diminish with each subsequent laundering. This does not affect the look, feel or performance of your towels. Please follow the recommended care instructions on the label and keep the lint trap clean on your dryer.   You can purchase these towels individually, but your best value is to buy the six-piece set together. The set will give your bathroom a coordinated look and feel while saving you money.Care tip: Avoid contact with skincare products to help minimize towel spotting or bleaching.
Our elastic-waist Dri-FIT shorts offer easy pull-on so she'll be able to grab these and go in no time. polyester washable imported
The cool appearance, padded travel bag and redesigned BlowFlow™ mouthpiece makes this 37-key Airboard perfect for a new generation of musicians.     37 keys BlowFlow adjustable mouthpiece padded gig bag with strap great sound and playability no power required plastic/wood/metal alloy 18x7x2.5 imported
Add a little edge to your look with our chunky boots that are ready to kick up your style. synthetic upper 6½ shaft height lace up back zipper textile lining rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size. CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
This breezy sleeveless nightgown will feel like sleeping on a cloud. The tiny print and ruffles have a sweet appeal. round neck sleeveless 100% cotton washable imported
true This 28 cu. ft. refrigerator gives you enough space to stock up and the flexibility to keep food at its freshest. Its ultra large capacity can accommodate up to 28 bags of groceries while the CoolSelect Pantry™ provides three temperature options for versatile food storage or safe defrosting. ENERGY STAR® qualified tall, in-door filtered water and ice dispenser accommodates larger glasses and pitchers for added convenience the space saving Ice Master ice system produces up to 10 pounds of ice daily while conserving shelf space in the refrigerator external ice blue digital display allows you to control settings at the touch of a button Twin Cooling Plus™ system keeps humidity at optimum levels in the refrigerator for fresher fruits and vegetables and dry freezer conditions for less freezer burn and better tasting frozen foods spill-proof tempered glass shelves slide and flip-up to accommodate larger and taller items the CoolSelect Pantry™ provides deli, fresh and chilled temperature options for versatile food storage or a safe and controlled defrosting space EZ-Open™ freezer handle lifts up and glides out for effortless opening and closing 28.07 cu. ft. total capacity high efficiency LED lighting illuminates every corner of the interior space while saving energy alarm alerts you when door is left open 3-door French door refrigerator has two fresh food doors and one bottom freezer drawer
If total comfort and mobility are your must-haves, go for these fuss-free, perfect-fitting shorts from adidas.   11 inseam sits at/below knee polyester washable imported
Lineage from Martha Stewart pays homage to traditional design, and reinterprets it in a polished, grommet-top curtain panel that serves as the foundation of a beautiful room.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart easy to hang and slide on a rod 8 round, oil-rubbed bronze grommets  4 header; 3 bottom hem; 1 side hem available in a variety of colors MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at jcpenney Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Dressed up or worn casual, our stretchy ankle pants can pull off whatever look you're going for. slim fit 23 inseam front zip two back pockets cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Envision your beautiful new life together with this ½ ct. t.w. diamond and 10K white gold bridal ring set. Metal: 10K white goldStones: ½ ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: IClarity: I2-I3Setting: ProngGallery Height: 7.6mmDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These classic denim shortalls feature functional pockets and look great on their own or when paired with a tee for a cute layered look. genuine metal hardware on adjustable shoulder straps sleeveless functional pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Make a splash this season in customized swimwear that begins with our sporty Zeroxposur racerback tankini swim top.   scoopneck built-in bra racerback UPF 30+ sun protection lightweight 4-way stretch quick dry nylon/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Take nutrition to the next level with the Big Mouth Pro juice extractor by making your own healthy juices without sweeteners and preservatives. The powerful 1.1-horsepower motor extracts juice from the toughest produce. yields up to 24% more apple juice than the leading competitor Big Mouth feed chute fits whole foods for less pre-cutting powerful 1.1-HP motor extra-large pulp bin lets you juice longer frustration-free packaging is environmentally friendly and reduces freight damages includes recipes and tips Plastic/metal. Measures 7.8x11.46x14.41H. Removable parts are dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Perk up your look with our high-low peplum top. back zip approx. 25½ - 26¾ length polyester/spandex washable imported
Ramp-up his cute factor with a spiffy bow tie from IZOD.   2 5/8 wide polyester spot clean imported
Maintain your favorite looks with this natural hold spray. silk botanicals provide brilliant shine made in America How to use: Hold can and mist hair evenly.   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month. 
This personalized girl's necklace is given a fun, whimsical touch with the addition of your favorite frisky feline, Hello Kitty. The nameplate shines in polished 10K yellow gold over sterling silver, while Hello Kitty is white and pink enamel, lending the perfect pop of color.   Metal: 10K yellow gold over sterling silver Material: White and pink enamel Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 cable chain with 2 extender Dimensions: .59 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The Revlon ionic styler hair dryer has a durable, salon-quality AC motor which creates a high powered airflow that dries fast, exposing hair to less heat for styles with locked-in shine and softness in less time. triple-baked ceramic coating provides even heat distribution, which penetrates hair quickly and evenly from the inside-out, drying hair in a fraction of the time with superior results tourmaline ionic technology helps eliminate static electricity for frizz-free style tourmaline conditioning minerals seal the cuticle and boost shine to create silky-smooth results super light, silent and powerful AC motor 3 heat settings and 2 speeds cold shot button concentrator attachment and diffuser removable end cap for easy cleaning rubberized soft-feel finish 1875 watts. Plastic/ceramic. Measures 11½x4¼x10H. Wipe clean. Imported.  
This Arizona woven shirt delivers a work-to-weekend style that makes you look good in any casual setting. button-down collar chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Add a modern touch to any space with this small cubist shelf. 15.15x15x4.5 steel imported
Our snug fitting capri leggings feature a key-pocket and Quick-Dri technology, making them super convenient to throw on for a quick run around the neighborhood. stretch infinity closure Quick-Dri fabric wicks away moisture no chafe compression fit 19½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Creatively capturing the laid-back feeling of a European café, this distinct canvas wall art shows off your love for spontaneity. museum-grade canvas wrapped around 1½-thick stretcher bars printed with fade-resistant archival inks unframed design creates a modern gallery look mounting hardware included Canvas/wood/metal. Made in America.
Crisscross the city, leaving your mark as you go, in our classic straight-leg jeans. 5-pocket styling cotton/Lycra® spandex washable imported misses short: 29½ inseam misses: 31½ inseam misses long: 34 inseam
Featuring an array of thin straps, an alluring wedge heel and a side buckle closure to lock and go, our magic plush sandals look like they were pulled from the pages of a high-fashion magazine.   technology diamond-patterned sole for impact absorption cushioned footbed with memory foam   construction faux-leather synthetic and elastic upper rubber sole   details 3¾ heel side buckle closure ankle strap faux-cork
The familiar floral patterns and bright colors of the finely crafted Azalea wool round rug add a charming accent to everyday living. A cotton backing finishes it in style.   hand-tufted construction highly durable wool crafted in India ½ pile height; 1 overall thickness measures 3' in diameter Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported It’s perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep it under control until the rug has been seasoned and no longer sheds.
Our cute cardigan is perfect for creating a great layered look she can wear any time. button front scallop trim on placket long sleeves acrylic washable imported
Bring a tropical look to your room with this quilt featuring a Hawaiian-style scroll appliqué reminiscent of an island retreat.   sage green vermicelli quilting finished with rows of channel stitching and a straight hem Coordinating accessories sold separately. Cotton quilt with cotton fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: quilt is 68x86 Full/Queen: quilt is 90x90 King: quilt is 104x90
Give yourself more warm-weather options with these breezy cotton shorts from Arizona, available in your choice of solids and funky-fresh prints. includes belt sits below waist classic fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 2 front slant pockets 2 back welt pockets flat front 10¼ inseam hemmed 100% cotton washable imported
Get her romping around in this cotton romper featuring a cute dot print and rolled sleeves, a great choice to pair with a shirt or leggings for an adorable layered look.   front-button placket roll-tab short sleeves pocket detail cinched waist nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
Cook tamales, soups, stews and more in this 15½-qt. tamale pot. The steamer insert keeps your tamales out of the steaming water and can also be removed for use as a stock pot.   durable porcelain enamel-on-steel construction heats quickly and efficiently nonstick surface is easy to clean and dishwasher safe enamel does not react with foods so it won't discolor or alter food taste 15½-qt. size is ideal for tamales safe for metal utensils Porcelain enamel on steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Put a fresh spin on your swim style in our knit bralette swim top with a chic crochet overlay and x-back. adjustable straps removable cups partially lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
What it is:A stay-all-day universal bronzer that delivers a subtle shimmer. What it does:All good things don’t have to end. Get a lit-from-within bronzed glow that lasts up to 16 hours or more. The Double Bond formula combines the staying power of film formers and polymers with prolonged-wear pigments. These buildable bronze pigments can be dusted all over for an even bronze glow. It’s a bronzer that works harder than you play.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- ParabensWhat else you need to know:This product is cruelty-free.Suggested Usage:-Contour by applying along the perimeter of the face and hollows of cheeks.Size:0.25 ozIngredients​Talc, Mica, Nylon-12, Polyethylene, Zinc Stearate, Dimethicone, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Lipids, Silica, VP/Hexadecene Copolymer, Amodimethicone, Water, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Ethylhexylglycerin. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Yellow 5 Lake (CI19140), Red 28 Lake (CI 45410).
This high-quality, durable knife set includes everything you need for all your daily kitchen tasks—plus a handsome block to store it in. extremely sharp blades resistant to rust and corrosion stainless-steel handles perfectly weighted and balanced for optimal control EZ angled sharpener to keep your blades like new acacia-finished block adds elegance to your kitchen storage block measures 8x5x9.5 H stainless steel blades and lightweight handles; wood block hand wash imported   14-piece set includes: 8 chef's knife 8 slicing knife 5½ serrated utility knife 3½ parer 4½ fine-edge utility knife six 4½ steak knives shears 8 sharpener storage block   
Prepare for the weeks and months to come with our maternity tunic that will almost instantly become your comfy, cozy favorite. 3/4 sleeves approx. 29 length rayon/polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
What it is:A collection of mini nail polishes in an array of shades, textures, treatment essentials, and 3D effects to strengthen and let any mani stand out. Purchase 3 Ciaté Mini Paint Pots for the price of $18 ($24 value)! STEP 1: Add 3 Ciaté Mini Paint Pots to your cart. STEP 2: A $6 discount will be automatically applied (one discount per order; discount not applicable for orders shipping outside the U.S.). What it does: This Mini Paint Pot Nail Polish and Effects let you mix and match your polish picks and create your very own bespoke nail looks. Inspired by mixing shades and textures together backstage at the runway, these nail polishes come in a range of hues—from pale pink to glittery shades—for layerable, customizable mani looks. What else you need to know: Each polish in this collection is free of formaidehyde, formaidehyde resin, toluene, dbp (dibutyl phthlate), and camphor. Suggested Usage: -Clean nails to remove any oil or residue. -Begin with a base of color-gripping base coat and apply two coats of nail polish for full coverage color. -Once dry, apply a glossy top coat. Size:0.17 ozIngredients:Ethyl Acetate, Butyl Acetate, Nitrocellulose, Polyethylene Terephthalate, Phthalic Anhydride/ Trimellitic Anhydride/Glycols Copolymer, Acetyl Tributyl Citrate, Alcohol Denat., Isopropyl Alcohol, Acrylates Copolymer, Silica, Dipropylene Glycol Dibenzoate, Polyurethane-33, May Contain +/- : Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891) [Nano], Violet 2 (CI 60725), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Red 6 Lake (CI 15850), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Red 30 Lake (CI 77360), Red 34 Lake (CI 15880), Ferric Ammonium Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Iron Oxides (CI 77499, CI 77491), Black 2 (CI 77266), Black 2 (CI 77266) [Nano], Aluminum Powder (CI 77000), Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163), Yellow 11 Lake (CI 47000), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Mica.
Sophisticated style looks as good as it feels in our feminine ballet flats by a.n.a, designed with a luxurious velvety texture and elastic gore for easy on and off.   microsuede upper rubber sole  
A corrugated construction gives this hardside spinner luggage added strength while maintaining a lightweight design to keep your travels easy. expandable up to 1½ water resistant scratch resistant hardside outer shell top carry handle telescoping trolley handle large interior compartment with organization pocket 4 spinner wheels for 360° rolling maneuverability through crowds and airports TSA approved lock included Polycarbonate with polyester lining. Measures 20x12x28H; weighs 10.96 pounds. Wipe clean. Imported.
Perfect for warm-weather exercise, you'll stay cool with our crop top from City Streets. roundneck sleeveless polyester/spandex lining: polyester washable imported
An effortless way to dress your windows, the Latitude curtain panel adds an inspiring touch of character to any space.   grommet-top styling offers a relaxed look 1 side hem; 3 bottom hem available in a variety of inviting, nature-inspired colors Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Increase your style options in this herringbone-patterned French cuff dress shirt, featuring a soft cotton fabric that stretches for comfort. only at JCPenney mechanical stretch fabric (woven to stretch without spandex) spread collar button front long sleeves French cuffs rounded hem 100% cotton washable imported
Head to the beach or go for a walk and know your feet will feel good in our Skechers flip flops. technology goga mat technology insoles construction textile/synthetic upper synthetic sole details print strap
Stay trendy in this colorful, vibrant shoe that has allover intricate lace-looking detail for a fun warm weather look.construction●    soft polyester upper●    durable thermoplastic rubber outsoledetails●    hassle-free slip-on style  
The eco-friendly Escali ECO180 bath scale is powered by its own solar panels and features a natural bamboo weighing surface.   solar powered by artificial or natural light natural bamboo platform instant-on technology automatic shut-off feature Plastic. Measures 12.25x12.25”H. Wipe with a clean damp cloth. Imported. Lifetime Limited Warranty.
  Soft, sweet and super comfortable, you’ll want to wear these microfiber ruched hipster panties every day.     nylon/spandex bow detail washable imported
This stainless steel band with color-enhanced black diamonds in the silhouette of a cross is a handsome reminder of your all-important faith. A rounded comfort fit interior allows this handsome ring to slide on easily and avoid pinching. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.Metal: Stainless steelStones: Color-enhanced black diamond accentsWidth: 8mmSome diamonds may be treated and require special care
From long vacations to a trip to the gym, this three-piece luggage set will get you there in style with wheeled uprights in just the right sizes.  clear in-line skate wheel system for smooth ride push-button self-locking internally stored retractable handle system ergonomic and comfortable padded top and side grip handles 2 front full-size zipper-secured pockets 3 internal organizational pockets fully lined with a durable and elegantly imprinted lining top and side comfort handles stability bars at the bottom to avoid titling includes locks and keys polyester imported 3-pc. luggage set includes: 20 upright: 20x13x9; weighs  6 pounds 24 upright: 24x15x10; weighs 8 pounds 28 upright: 28x17x12; weighs 10 pounds
Always match up in our feather-edge belt from Claiborne, which goes from black to brown at the flip of a buckle. reverses from black to brown harness buckle with logo embossing on the loop 1¼ wide polyurethane/bonded leather/leather spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Bring the entire zoo home for fun with this quilt set featuring a whimsical arrangement of elephants, zebras, rabbit, deer, monkey, giraffe and peacocks in bright, festive colors. safari-themed print on front diamond print on reverse cotton quilt with cotton fill; cotton sham(s) washable twin comforter: 86x68 full/queen comforter: 86x86 imported 2-piece twin set includes: quilt sham 3-piece full/queen set includes: quilt 2 shams Twin and full/queen sets include standard sham(s). 
Dance the night away under the stars in our elegant off-the-shoulder fit-and-flare dress. scoopneck sleeveless 34 length from shoulder hidden side pockets polyester lined hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Lee side-elastic jeans are designed for all-day comfort for a great casual look.   sits at waist with side-elastic insets relaxed fit through hip and thigh tapered leg 2 front pockets and coin pocket cotton/spandex washable made in America or imported plus: 30 inseam plus petite: 28 inseam plus long: 33 inseam
Maximum support helps you stay comfortable even during the most rigorous exercise with our sports bra from City Streets. roundneck sleeveless polyester/spandex lining: polyester washable imported
Performance fleece hoodie with PlayDry technology lets you warm up without getting soaked, a common problem with cold-weather workouts.   regular fit PlayDry technology moves moisture away from your skin, accelerates evaporation and increases ventilation contrast-colored, mesh-lined hood with drawcord interior locker loop graphic front full-zip front kangaroo-style pockets polyester washable imported
Look the part of the urban fashionista in our skinny jeans that sit below the waist and are fitted through the hip and thigh. 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported plus: 31½ inseam plus short: 29½ inseam
The Tan Chenille Jacobean boudoir decorative pillow is a bold mixture of traditional multi-colored jacquard in shades of rust, teal and gold. diamond jacquard and embroidered texture intricate trim detail 20x12 coordinating accessories sold separately polyester; polyester fill spot clean imported
Celebrate the original Star Wars trilogy and transport your bathroom to a galaxy far, far away with this Darth Vader-accented bath towel. absorbent cotton embroidered detailing contrast border Cotton. Measures 25x50. Washable. Imported. Care tip: Some lint may be observed in the first few launderings of towels, and will diminish with each subsequent laundering. This does not affect the look, feel or performance of your towels. Please follow the recommended care instructions on the label and keep the lint trap clean on your dryer.
Celebrate the rugged feel of the American frontier with this Euro pillow featuring deep tones and rich textures.   classic plaid pattern yarn-dyed woven fabric measures 27x27 Sold individually. Polyester. Dry clean. Imported.
A classic pique polo features a spread collar and regular fit that takes you from work to weekend.  spread collar short sleeves regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
Bring an aristocratic French feel to your bedroom with the classic styling of the Toile Garden comforter set. The popularity of toile dates back to the 1700s. floral toile print in choice of colors scalloped edge with contrast binding allover vermicelli quilting Comforter set includes: comforter sham(s) bedskirt Coordinating accessories sold separately. Comforter and shams are cotton front with polyester back, border and filling. Washable, unless noted. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x86 Full: comforters is 80x90 Queen: comforter is 92x96 King: comforter is 110x96
Crafted from sturdy pine, this tavern set features a unique wood grain, gracefully curved legs and comfortable barstools with a stunning gold-tone nailhead trim along each seat. solid pine construction warm honey finish flush-joint joinery each stool has a 275-pound weight capacity and black faux-leather cushion filled with upholstery foam stools nest in table to save space 3-piece set includes: tavern table 2 barstools Upholstery is polyurethane. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Assembly required; screwdriver needed. Imported. Table: 42Wx22Dx36H Each barstool: 14Wx14Dx24H
Stay safe while working hard in these Bulwark fire-resistant hi-visibility coveralls with elasticized shoulder straps for comfort. flame resistant 2 reflective striping elasticized shoulder straps with non-conductive adjustable hardware take up tabs at ankles wear over pants loose fit ANSI 107-2010 Class E meets ASTM F 1891-06 ARC and fire resistance specifications meets ASTM F 2733-09 flash fire specifications PVC/Kevlar/nomex hand wash, dry flat made in America
What it is:An oil-free foundation primer for creating a shine-free complexion.What it does:Create an ultra silky smooth canvas and experience your most flawless foundation application ever. PrimeTime™ Oil Control Foundation Primer combats excess oil and absorbs shine while minimizing the appearance of pores, fine lines, and wrinkles. Our mineral-infused formula glides on seamlessly while helping to extend the wear of your foundation with a shine-free finish. Great for oily or problem-prone skin, this formula contains no oils or fragrances.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dyes- Petrochemicals- Phthalates- GMOs- Triclosan Suggested Usage:-Apply one pump for an even layer of this lightweight primer all over your face.-Once dry, follow with bareMinerals® SPF 15 Foundation. Size1 oz Ingredients​Water, Silica, Adipic Acid/Neopentyl Glycol Crosspolymer, Sclerotium Gum, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer, Caprylyl Glycol, Calcium Silicate, Dimethicone, Vp/Va Copolymer, Amodimethicone, Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose, Sodium Hydroxide, Chlorphenesin, Phenoxyethanol.
For any day of the week, portfolio case keeps your laptop and other essentials close at hand.   main compartment contains padded laptop pocket with hook-and-loop closure holds most 16 laptops organizer pocket compartments rear pocket contains file section removable, adjustable shoulder strap cushion carry handle Leather. Measures 16½x5x13H. Imported.
Tickle her fancy with the bows and polka dots that adorn our positively precious Minnie Mouse athletic shoes. construction synthetic upper rubber sole details self-adhesive closure fun embellishments easy pull-on tab
Turn your bedroom into a tropical retreat with the Paradise Island bedspread by JCP home™. all-over tropical motif with flowers and leaves woven jacquard fabric choice of blue or red with grass texture jacquard cording Euro shams, accent pillows and window coverings sold separately. Paradise Island bedspread is polyester with polyester fill and washable. Imported. Full bedspread: 104x114 Queen bedspread: 110x122 King bedspread: 128x122
Add some sparkle to your work day or dinner date with our comfy cotton-blend sweater's rhinestone-embellished scoopneck. cotton/polyester washable imported
Light blue sapphire and aqua crystal dolphin promises to put sparkling style into your everyday style.   Metal: Silver-plated brass Stones: Lab-created light blue sapphires Other Stones: Aqua crystals Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 cable chain Pendant Size: .75x1 Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Have some fun with your style in this reversible Liz Claiborne belt that will transform you from smooth and sleek to textured and chic with a simple flip.    1 wide reversible: one side crocodile texture, one side smooth polyurethane with leather outer: synthetic leather, leather and metal buckle two-tone buckle
Our swing tee features a drapey style and side slits that will easily pair with a variety of bottoms. v-neck short sleeves side slits 27¼-32¼ length rayon/polyester washable imported
Let your prince or princess build a fun castle while also building their history knowledge and motor skills. The 16 different shapes are compatible with add-on sets for limit possibilities. Add-on sets sold separately. includes 40 solid-wood blocks and storage bag ages 3+ no assembly required batteries not required solid rubberwood imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
Add a bold print and bright color to your patio or deck with this suzani-patterned chair cushion. It's water repellant and fade resistant, making it ideal for your outdoor living space. fade resistant water repellant polyester with polyester fill spot clean 22x45x5 filled and finished in America with imported materials
Classic suiting jacket is your go-to essential for high-profile events.    notched lapel 2-button front closure 2 front slash pockets washable polyester imported  
This nourishing treatment brings out the natural luster and manageability of your hair while making hair stronger and healthier by replacing lost protein. It strengthens the hair structure and seals cuticles for extra silky hair. protects the natural keratin in hair restores hydrating balance detangles and defrizzes protects against heat works on all hair types can be used on wet hair for extra shine or dry hair in place of a styling cream free of gluten and sulfate Made in America. How to use: Spray product all over towel-dried hair and comb through. Do not rinse. Style as desired. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.  
The coverage you want lets you play in the sun with confidence. lined nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Our Arizona uniform chinos more than satisfy the dress code with their slim and straight profile and comfortable cotton twill fabric. sits below waist slim fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 2 front seam pockets 2 back button-through welt pockets flat front straight leg 100% cotton washable imported
Blending vivid colors with a playful mosaic design, this rug adds vibrant style to any child's room. power-loomed construction durable polypropylene crafted in Egypt 0.3 overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Polypropylene mesh Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Blot spills. Professional cleaning recommended. Origin: Imported  
She'll look her girly best in this adorable drop waist dress. includes dress and matching panties sleeveless polyester washable imported
This beautiful decorative pillow gives your bedding an update with its floral chain stitching embroidery. vibrant aqua blue color coordinating accessories sold separately 12x20 cotton; polyester fill spot clean imported
true Experience four ovens in one with Speedcook, microwave, convection and broiling capabilities. The Speedcook technology allows you to enjoy oven-quality results two to four times faster than a conventional oven. Halogen heat allows you to skip the preheating step with nearly instantaneous halogen heat. 1.7 cu. ft. capacity 27-in. 120V over 175 pre-programmed menu selections make planning meals easy custom recipe saver stores cooking instructions for up to 30 different recipes
Crisp, clean and oh-so-cute, this classic polo dress easily slips on for quick, on-the-go style. prewashed for softness point collar 3-button placket cap sleeves chest pocket drop waist piqué fabric 100% cotton washable imported
Dressed up style with a comfortable low heel means our ankle strap flats are the best of both worlds.   synthetic upper ankle strap with adjustable buckle thermoplastic rubber outsole
She can wear our chiffon dress to any party for a cute look, or add in the pull-on shorts for a mobile outfit she can move in. ●    includes mini dress and bike shorts●    roundneck●    sleeveless●    pom pom trim●    shoulder flower and rhinestone detail●    pull-on●    dress: polyester●    shorts: cotton/polyester/spandex●    washable●    imported  
With subtle textural details and an easy lace-up design, these dress shoes are perfect for everyday wear. leather upper cushioned insole with memory foam for added comfort lace up rubber sole
They'll love the comfy fit and practical cargo pockets of our cargo shorts from Arizona. elastic waist faux fly 2 front and 2 back pockets 2 cargo pockets cotton/nylon washable imported
Featuring a rainbow and grey knit waistband and stylish pocket stitching detail, these stretch-denim pull-on shorty shorts will suit her style to a tee. faux drawstring pull on premium stretch denim cotton/polyester washable imported
This soft acrylic vest from Dockers offers stylish warmth at the office or out on the course. v-neck acrylic washable imported
A fun and flowy feel makes this striking and stylish cross-front maxi skirt one that you'll love wearing any day of the week. elastic waistband relaxed fit misses: 39 length  talls: 43 length lined polyester washable imported
Heavyweight cotton shirt does not quit, even when the going gets tough.   8.5 oz. twill wrinkle-resistant cotton two-piece, lined collar with sewn-in stays seven button front closure long sleeves two button-through flapped pockets with pencil stall on left separeate two-piece yoke cotton twill washable imported of domestic goods more sizes: regular, tall, big, big tall
Our set of multi-stone earrings will add just the right finishing touch to your elegant look.   Metal: Gray-tone metal Material: Glass Back: Post Dimensions: 1/8 round; 1/4 round   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The ultra-minimalist, modern design of this watch strips away all but the essentials to leave a timepiece you’ll love to wear. Featuring crystals shining on a clean dial and Eco-Drive, technology that uses light sources for power—no batteries needed. Brand: Citizen Dial Color: Black Accents: CRYSTALLIZED™ - Swarovski® Elements Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: Jewelry with push button Movement: Quartz Case Width: 23mm Case Thickness: 7mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7¼ long, 7mm wide Model No.: EX1320-54E Special Features: black dial with crystals, silver-tone bangle-style bracelet, Eco-Drive solar charging technology uses any light source for power, splash resistant Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give your casual days more attitude in these floral-patterned knit shorts with terry lining.   sits just below waist relaxed fit banded waist with drawcord front functional pockets back patch pocket length falls above knee cotton/polyester washable imported
For meals that are meant for sharing with friends and family, but created with busy cooks in mind, Martha Stewart's Dinner at Home is a new classic that cooks of all levels will depend on. Whether you're making a Sunday supper or hosting a casual get-together, Martha Stewart has put together 52 diverse menus that make the most of each season's flavors—and the various ways we like to cook as the weather changes.   200 recipes perfect for dinner when you have a little time—but not all day—to cook menus—featuring starters, main courses, side dishes, and desserts—are cleverly designed with a simple preparation schedule that enables you to plan and cook dinner so that it is on the table in about an hour watercress-cauliflower soup, roasted pork with sage and garlic, braised fennel and white beans, pears with candied walnuts and gorgonzola  asparagus-parmesan tart, shrimp in saffron broth, couscous with golden raisins, apricot-almond ice cream sandwiches roast chicken breasts in creamy tarragon sauce, warm lentils with spinach, caramelized endive, poached pears with chocolate sauce avocado and lemon on toasted rustic bread, seared tuna in tomato-basil sauce, green beans with lemon butter, peaches in honey syrup uses easy-to-find ingredients from the grocery store or farmers' market includes Martha's helpful tips and shortcut techniques each meal is fresh and inspiring without demanding too much effort Hardcover. 272 pages. Measures 8.26x0.98x10.26. Imported.  
Great-fitting suit separates that let you create a sharp, professional look. Select the jacket and pants in the right size for you to build the suit that looks like it was precisely tailored to your body. Getting the perfect fit, and the perfect style, has never been easier.   classic fit polyester lining to the knees zip front with hook-and-eye closure flat front 2 front pockets 2 back pockets straight legs polyester/rayon blend dry clean only imported
Create the ultimate oasis with these indoor/outdoor rugs. An assortment of colorful zigzags in a mirrored-image pattern is coupled with element-withstanding fibers for long-lasting enjoyment.   designed for high-traffic areas such as entryways or kitchens woven construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Egypt ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Yes Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported  
Lee Original Plain Front pants were redesigned with you in mind, featuring an eased waistband with comfort stretch so they move with you. The fabric is softer to the touch, with updated styling details for a more sophisticated look with all-day comfort. sits at waist relaxed fit straight leg with 16 opening eased waist with comfort stretch button-and-zip fly front slant pockets back welt pockets soft stretch twill black adderly plaid: polyester/rayon/spandex all others: cotton/spandex washable imported misses: 31 inseam misses short: 29 inseam misses long: 33 inseam petite: 28 inseam petite short: 26½ inseam
Built to outperform the competition, this firm mattress gives you the support you want and the rest you need. removable and washable quilt cover comfort layers: 1 EverFeel® Triple Effects™ Gel Memory Foam, 1 Cool Action™ Gel Memory Foam, 1 Serta Support Foam, 1 PillowSoft® Foam support system: Ultimate Edge® Foam Support Core strengthens mattress edges reducing roll-off helps create a firmer feel for preferred comfort provides added support to help body alignment ensures an allover stable sleeping surface twin xl: 79.5x38x11H full: 74.5x53x11H queen: 79.5x60x11H split queen: 79.5x60x11H king: 79.5x76x11H cal. king: 83.5x72x11H split cal. king: 83.5x36x11H made in America Includes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring also available.You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer.
With rich leather and laser-cut sunburst patterns, this beautiful sandal is both practical and trend-right. soft leather upper exclusive Pillowtop® memory foam footbed hook-and-loop closure rubber outsole for traction 2 heel height
Inspired by the Roaring Twenties, the Mr. & Mrs. Gatsby XL beer and wine glass set are tailored with Art Deco typography and feature indulgent sizes and a custom luxurious look that make them perfect for weddings or any special occasion. set of 2 pilsner: 54-oz.; 3.75H wine: 25-oz.; 4.25H custom engraving options 100% clear glass hand wash only imported
Classic hoop earrings get a glittery upgrade with the addition of ¼ ct. t.w. diamonds. Pop these in and bring on the shine any time. Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K rose gold over sterling silver Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Channel Back: Hinged Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our shopper tote is the perfect size to carry along to errands and features a ring handle and comes in a variety of colors and styles to choose from. ring handle, 8.5 drop polyester/cotton 1 back exterior pocket 2 slide interior pockets 15.5x12x4.5 imported
Keep your little royalty warm after a swim and let her show off her princess pride with this hooded Disney cover-up featuring contrasted trim and glitter detail.   hood  3D faceted jeweled buttons woven patch with embroidered edges and flowers cap sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
The finishing touch on the bed is this appliqué decorative pillow made of soft fleece. solid back measures 16x12H polyester washable imported
Make a splash at the next pool party with this colorful, ruffle-adorned swimsuit that's perfect for your groovy girl. ruffle around neck and shoulder ruffles at legs nylon/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Add our tank top to your warm-weather wardrobe, featuring a sharkbite hem and a flowy style that looks great with shorts or skinny jeans. roundneck sharkbite hem rayon washable imported petite: 30 length misses: 32 length
The luxurious feel of these 500 thread-count pillowcases will have you looking forward to laying your head to rest.   premium 500 thread-count cotton feels great all night set of 2 Cotton. Washable. Imported. Standard: 32x21 King: 40x21 Eco-friendly tip: This product is made with long-lasting quality in mind. Give it a second life when you're through with it by donating it to a local charity instead of discarding in the trash
Although soft as a cloud, our down comforter provides lightweight warmth to keep you cozy night after night. 300 thread-count dobby stripe cotton cover natural 550 fill power premium white down box quilting construction piping trim Cotton with white duck down fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: 66x86; 20-ounce fill weight Full/Queen: 88x92; 27-ounce fill weight King: 92x104; 32-98-ounce fill weight For best results, launder in a large-capacity front-loading washer and dryer. If the comforter doesn't have free movement in the washer and dryer, a large-capacity commercial washer and dryer is recommended. Contains RDS Certified Down: The goal of the Responsible Down Standard is to ensure the waterfowl in the down supply chain are treated humanely.  
Our cargo shorts feature a variety of pockets and offer a comfortable, versatile style for everyday wear. sits at waist 2 side and 2 back pockets left leg zipper pocket and right leg flap pocket 9 ¾ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Keep your food fresh longer with this ice pack set that lets you eat healthy any time of day. fun colors sized to fit all types of lunch bags and boxes 4-pack Polyethylene filled with ice gel. Hand wash. Imported.
Take no chances when it comes to the weather with this beauty of a trapper hat from Woolrich.   faux fur wool/nylon spot clean imported
Step out of the shadows and into the winner’s bracket in these sweat-wicking training shorts from Nike, featuring strategically placed mesh for increased ventilation. Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry and cool mesh side panel, gusset and pocket bags for ventilation loose fit sits just below waist elastic waist with drawcord warp-knit construction resists tearing side panel print is sublimated to maintain breathability length falls at or below the knee polyester washable imported
Our Wyoming cargo shorts from Lee have plenty of pockets to hold your gear and the easy fit to keep you comfortable all day.   includes fabric belt 2 slant front pockets 2 side cargo pockets 2 side phone/mp3 pockets 11½  inseam cotton washable
Whether you are having a lovely tea party or serving four, these beautiful placemats are long lasting and timeless. glossy lacquer coated paper print with cork backing heat resistant up to 212° F stain and scuff resistant set of 4 each measures 16x12 wipe clean with damp, clean cloth imported
Look lovely in our maxi nightgown, featuring ruching at the bust and a keyhole back for an extra dose of elegance.  sleeveless 43-43¼ length from shoulders polyester/spandex washable imported
Neat pleats parallel the hidden button-front placket of our comfy stretch-cotton shirt for an all-business finish.   shirt collar cuffed sleeves gently rounded hem approx. 25 - 26½ center-back length blk white explorer: cotton/spandex washable imported 
Arizona makes casual comfort easy with this pocket tee that has you looking good. crewneck chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported  
Ribbon engraving in the center of this wedding band lends an artsy touch he'll appreciate. Made in America.   Metal: 10K two-tone gold Width: 6mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Metal: Sterling silver Back: HingedDimensions: 2x30mm long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Loaded with spirited fashionability, our seamed sheath dress exudes energy and vibrant fun to complement your fun sense of style. v-neck mesh-inset approx. 37¼ - 39¼ length from shoulder polyester/spandex body nylon/spandex mesh washable imported
Our wedges feature an adjustable ankle strap and dot print for a cute look that will add interest to any outfit. synthetic upper rubber sole 2 heel adjustable ankle strap closed toe
Feel empowered in our versatile short-sleeve keyhole blouse. roundneck short sleeves approx. 25½-27½ length polyester washable imported
What it is:A couture antiaging eye treatment, handmade in a monastery.What it is formulated to do:This supremely effective, fast-absorbing formula is the ultimate age-delaying solution, suited specifically to the delicate eye area. The lightweight-yet-nourishing blend glides on easily and is proven to visibly reduce fine lines, puffiness, and under-eye circles. It is enriched with meadowfoam seed oil, a fatty acid that penetrates deeply to hydrate and smooth the skin. Antioxidant-rich seabuckthorn berry oil offers protection and restoration, and anti-inflammatory beeswax provides a soothing touch.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dyes- Petrochemicals- Phthalates- GMOs- TriclosanWhat else you need to know:This exclusive complex is inspired by the world's first emulsion-based cream, created in the 2nd century A.D. by Claude Galen (esteemed doctor to Emperor Marcus Aurelius) to heal gladiators' wounds. To preserve its rich heritage and supreme quality, the complex is hand-blended in a European monastery.Research results:In an in-vivo test with twice-daily applications over a four-week period:- 100% of subjects reported a hydrating and nourishing effect.- 94% of subjects reported that crow's feet were less noticeable, skin felt softer, and the eye area was revitalized.- 90% noticed a soothing effect.Suggested Usage:-After cleaning, apply Crème Ancienne Eye Cream to the orbital bone and ocular ridge using your ring finger.Size:0.5 ozIngredients:​ -Meadowfoam Seed Oil: Penetrates the skin with ease and provides emollient benefits.-Beeswax: Offers anti-inflammatory and antioxidant properties and works to soften the skin and enhance elasticity.-Seabuckthorn Berry Oil: Enriched with high amounts of omega-7 fatty acids, antioxidants, vitamins, and natural waxes; the components work synergistically to protect the skin from free-radical damage.-Sugar Apple Seed Extract: Stimulates the synthesis of collagen fibers to help visibly combat the signs of aging. Limnanthes Alba (Meadowfoam) Seed Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Water (Aqua), Beeswax (Cera Alba), Pentylene Glycol, Corn Starch Modified, Butylene Glycol, Sodium Carbonate Decahydrate, Anona Squamosa Seed Extract, Sucrose Tetrastearate Triacetate, Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Limonene, Citrus Medica Limonum (Lemon) Peel Oil, Phenoxyethanol, Osmanthus Fragrans Flower Extract, Rosa Damascena Flower Water, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Oil, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tocopherol, Citronellol, Geraniol, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract.
Versatile, ultra-modern 4-slice toaster has two independent control panels to toast different items at the same time.   two sets of controls double your toasting options – toast two slices of bread and two bagel halves at the same time unique design of brushed and chrome stainless steel with blue LED indicators separate bagel, reheat, defrost and cancel buttons adjustable 6-level browning dial lets you toast bread just the way you like it – from barely browned to dark and crispy extra-wide slots accommodate various bread sizes high-lift carriage allows easy removal of small breads removable crumb tray for easy cleanup 1050 watts. Metal. Measures 13.3x8.6x13.5H. Wipe clean. Imported.  
Criss-cross finials finished with a decorative crown give this regal curtain rod elegant style. 13/16 diameter rod with decorative finials telescoping design allows for easy adjustment rod length excludes finials; add 3 to each end for finials allow 2 clearance for rod mounting hardware included Steel rod with resin finials. Imported.
The stretch twill on these shorts have a slimmer silhouette and sit low on the waist. slim fit sits lower on waist flat front button closure/zip fly 2 front pockets 2 back pockets with right side button closure 9 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
The Converse All Star is the shoe that revolutionized the game of basketball and later became a worldwide favorite known as the Chuck Taylor. A true American icon, the classic design hasn't changed since Chuck wore them himself. canvas upper bears the original Chuck Taylor Patch logo rubber toe bumper and arch grommets durable rubber sole for enhanced traction and control additional tongue for roll-down
Featuring a beautiful traditional design, this premier rug from JCPenney Home™ will bring your room to life.   delicate center trellis design framed with a traditional floral border Superba heat-set construction for long-lasting rich colors easy-care, durable nylon is soft underfoot measures 6x6'  Premium nylon with embossed latex backing. 3/8 pile height. Washable. Made in America.
Our rolling bag cart features a drawstring closure, comfortable handles for easy transport and snap-on wheels, so you can use the bag alone or as a rolling cart.  bag with drawstring closure comfortable handle for easy transport snap-on wheels included sturdy metal frame polyester/metal clean with a damp cloth 12.25x11x34H easy assembly imported
Brand: DakotaDial Color: CreamStrap: Orange-tone metalMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: Up to 50mBracelet Dimensions: 3 long, 38mm wideModel No.: 35081Special Features: Ultra-bright red LED light, integrated carabiner clip, luminescent hands and marker, stainless steel/metal case Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Take your laid-back look to a whole new level with our scuba knit leggings featuring a wide elastic waistband. side elastic waistband 29½ length from shoulder scuba knit polyester/spandex washable imported
Powered by Windtunnel 3 Technology, the Air canister vacuum cleaner is a lightweight, steerable and versatile solution for all your multi-floor surfaces. exclusive WindTunnel 3 technology creates 3 channels of suction to lift and remove surface debris and deep-down embedded dirt steerable technology navigate smoothly around furniture, corners, and other obstacles by simply twisting the handle in the direction you'd like to go multi-cyclonic air passes through 12 cyclones to filter dirt and debris from the air path electronic brush roll moves from carpet to hard floors with a touch of a button above-floor cleaning up to 11' with wand and tool HEPA filter traps 99.97% of dust, dirt and pollens convenient bottom-release cup to empty debris with the push of a button, without getting your hands dirty reusable, easy-rinse filter 17' auto cord rewind AC current plastic 13x12.2x43.5H; 10.4 pounds assembly required imported
Our dress shirt from the Collection by Michael Strahan is wrinkle-free and will have you looking polished and professional. wrinkle free mechanical stretch spread collar button front long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Gracefully delicate, this genuine peridot and diamond-accent bracelet is a real gem. Wear solo or layer with coordinating pieces and design a look that's totally you. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: 4mm square genuine peridotOther Stones: Diamond-accentsSetting: ProngClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 7¼ or 8 Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Get effortless style and comfort with our scoopneck, cold-shoulder screen tee. scoopneck rayon/spandex washable imported
Our fitted leggings will give you a sleek, supportive fit to get you through yoga practice or a strenuous workout with ease. tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin jersey knit key pocket at inside waistband jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 28½ inseam petite: 26½ inseam
From low-impact activities to moderate exercise, our racerback sports bra offers reliable support and comfort. high support for A-B cups; medium support for C cups Double Dry™ technology helps keep you cool and dry moisture wicking tag free racerback for ease of movement seamed inner cups enhance curves and prevent show through wireless plush band for comfort nylon/spandex washable imported manufacturer’s style #1050 
Store and organize all of your shoes and heels in one convenient place with this 50-pair shoe rack by Sunbeam. stackable for maximum storage plastic and metal clean with damp cloth 38x4.25x9.2H imported
What it is:A trio of Briogeo's bestselling reparative products, featuring a deep conditioning hair mask, leave-in conditioning spray, and gel-to-oil overnight repair treatment. What it is formulated to do:The Deep Conditioning masks works in minutes to restore essential hydration and natural vibrancy to dry, brittle, over-processed, and lackluster locks. The milky Leave-In Conditioning Spray effectively restores hair’s softness, strength, manageability, and moisture levels, while acting as a barrier against heat. Used on wet or dry hair, this non-greasy formula seals the hair cuticle to lock in moisture, restore luster, and diminish frizz without leaving behind product buildup. And the Overnight Repair Treatment contains a unique complex of biotin, argan oil, rosehip oil, algae extract, and coconut alkanes to strengthen hair, replenish moisture, and increase elasticity to make hair more resistant to breakage, while enhancing shine as your sleep. Each product contains Briogeo’s unique NOVA complex, which contains natural oils, vitamins, and minerals to nourish hair. This set contains:- 1 oz Don’t Despair, Repair!™ Deep Conditioning Mask - 1.75 oz Don’t Despair, Repair!™ Reparative Leave-in Conditioning Spray - 0.33 oz Don’t Despair, Repair!™ Gel-to-oil Overnight Repair Treatment What it is formulated WITHOU:- Parabens- Sulfates- Phthalates What else you need to know:These formulas are free of silicones, DEA, and artificial dyes. They are cruelty-free, contain organic ingredients, are color-safe, and safe for use on chemically-treated, relaxed, and keratin-treated hair. Research results:- In a variable vs. control laboratory study, hair treated with the Don't Despair, Repair! Deep Conditioning Mask: - 81% reduction in hair breakage after 3 uses In a blind clinical trial study on Don't Despair, Repair! Deep Conditioning Mask: - 80% of women reported a noticeable improvement in the hydration of their hair - 90% reported they would use the product in the future or recommend it to a friend Suggested Usage: Don’t Despair, Repair!™ Deep Conditioning Mask:- After shampooing, massage into the hair, ensuring the conditioner is evenly applied.-Leave in for five to 10 minutes before rinsing.-For even deeper conditioning, cover the hair in a plastic cap to retain moisture while sitting under the dryer for 30 minutes, then rinse. Don’t Despair, Repair!™ Reparative Leave-in Conditioning Spray:-Spray throughout clean, damp hair with focus on mid-length to ends of hair.-Blow-dry or air-dry and style per usual. Don’t Despair, Repair!™ Gel-to-oil Overnight Repair Treatment: -Dispense one to two nickel-sized amounts. -Massage the treatment into the scalp and throughout the hair from root to tip before bedtime (protect your pillow with a towel, if needed). -The gel will melt into oil as the formula begins penetrating the scalp and hair. -Leave the treatment in overnight and shampoo to remove the next day. Precautions:-Avoid contact with eyes.-For external use only. Ingredients: -Rosehip Oil: Maintain hair hydration and control frizz.-Almond Oil: Enhances shine and luster of dry or weak hair; smooths the hair cuticle to prevent frizz and lock in moisture. -B-vitamins: Improves the texture of the hair and adds body and sheen; helps repair split ends and restores nourishment to hair damaged by heat and/or chemical treatments. -Coconut Oil: Penetrates the hair shaft to seal in moisture, protecting against breakage, environmental impurities, and excess heat. Don’t Despair, Repair!™ Deep Conditioning Mask: Water, Stearyl Alcohol*, Cetyl Alcohol*, Brassicyl Isoleucinate Esylate*, Propanediol*, Brassica Alcohol*, Isopropyl Myristate*, Panthenol, Biotin, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, Rosa Canina Fruit Oil, Algae Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice*, Calendula Officinalis Flower Extract, Laurus Nobilis Leaf Extract, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Hydrolyzed Keratin, Cetrimonium Chloride*, Cetyl Esters*, Glycerin*, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Oil, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Peel Oil, Citrus Tangerina (Tangerine) Peel Oil, Santalum Album (Sandalwood) Oil, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Isododecane, Fragrance (Parfum), Benzyl Alcohol, Dehydroacetic Acid. Don’t Despair, Repair!™ Reparative Leave-in Conditioning Spray: Water, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Rosa Canina Fruit Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate*, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Hibiscus Sabdariffa Flower Extract, C20-22 Alcohols*, C20-22 Alkyl Phosphate, Cetrimonium Chloride*, Cetyl Esters*, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Oil, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Peel Oil, Citrus Tangerina (Tangerine) Peel Oil, Santalum Album (Sandalwood) Oil, Glycerin*, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Isohexadecane, Polysorbate 60*, Polysorbate 80*, Fragrance, Aminomethyl Propanol, Benzyl Alcohol, Dehydroacetic Acid. Don’t Despair, Repair!™ Gel-to-oil Overnight Repair Treatment: Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride*, Glycerin*, Neopentyl Glycol Diheptanoate, Water, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Oil, Sucrose Laurate*, Olea Europea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate*, Biotin, Algae Extract, Tocopheryl Acetate*, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Rosa Canina Seed Oil, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract, Coco-Caprylate*, Coconut Alkanes*, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Oil, Santalum Album (Sandalwood) Oil, Citrus Tangerina (Tangerine) Peel Oil, Citrus Limon (Lemon) Peel Oil, Raphanus Sativus (Raddish) Seed Oil, Fragrance. *Coconut or vegetable derived.
A look with lots to love, this ring features a trio of heart-shaped genuine peridot flanked by sparkling diamond accents. A split shank crafted of polished 14K yellow gold over sterling silver lends the perfect finish.Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: 3mm, 5mm heart-shaped genuine peridotOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: ProngGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Saratoga cut--to-width blackout shade features a light-blocking layer sandwiched between two layers of vinyl for privacy and light control. Note: Roller shades will be slightly narrower than the width ordered; to avoid the resulting light gap on each side and to achieve maximum privacy and light control, consider outside mount.   cordless product safe for homes with young children and pets cut to the exact width you need from 15 to 73¼ wide embossed vinyl with the look of fabric fringed bottom hem white on street side except ivory which is the same color on both sides heavy-duty spring roller mechanism allows you to adjust shade to any height Fits windows up to 64 long. Inside or outside casing installation. Window must be at least ¾ deep for inside mount, 2¼ deep for flush inside mount. Mounting hardware and instructions included. Shades wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported. To Order: You will be able to specify the exact width you need for your shade. For inside mount, subtract 1/8 from your overall width to account for mounting brackets. Note: If you are ordering more than one shade within the same size range and want the shades cut to different widths, you must place each shade in the shopping bag separately. Spring motor roller shades are manufactured with approximately 8” of extra fabric added to the length. This is required for the proper operation of the spring activated roller mechanism. FREE SWATCH: If you would like to receive a swatch of the fabric prior to ordering the item, please e-mail customerservice@phaseii.com to receive a sample swatch of fabric. Please include your name, address, item description and color that corresponds with your selection. Allow 5 days to receive the swatch. *Cost savings represent the relative cost of heating or cooling an area to account for heat lost or gained through a window. Savings reflect comparison to a bare single-pane window. Energy Savings logo developed by JCPenney for exclusive use. Energy Savings testing conducted by an independent third-party laboratory.
Add some texture to your chic wardrobe with our sleeveless shift dress featuring allover front pleats. roundneck sleeveless 38½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Classic argyle sweater from Dockers colors outside the lines for a rebellious style that’s fresh and fun. v-neck long sleeves length: 33¾” acrylic washable imported
With just the right amount of color and style, this grommet-top curtain panel defines your space, effortlessly.   blackout style helps block light and noise easy-to-slide grommet-top design 8 oil-rubbed bronze-finished grommets 4 header; 3 bottom hem; 1 side hem Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 1½ in diameter. Polyester with polyester lining. Washable. Imported.  
What it is:A short, firm, angled brush used to fill in the eyebrows.What it does:This brush is ideal for filling in eyebrows or precise blending of brow pencils for a natural look. It is firm and features straight fibers, which can be used to create dotted effects. The fine tip can even be used to draw individual eyebrow hairs. It can be used with creams, pencils, and compact powders.What else you need to know:After five years in development with makeup artists and fiber experts, MAKE UP FOR EVER Artisan Brushes are a revolution in brush craftsmanship. The 100-percent fiber brushes are available in a range of 76 handcrafted styles, each with the perfect balance of straight and wavy fibers that replicate natural hairs. Beveled tips create a two-in-one makeup brush and tool, while innovative hair density and brush head shapes optimize every stroke for ideal makeup application. To achieve the ultimate collection, every brush has gone through 25 production stages by 30 craftsmen and has been checked for quality 50 times.Ingredients-Brown Algae Extract: Hydrates soothes, and reduces redness.Mica, Isododecane, Isohexadecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Silica, C13-15 Alkane, Octyldodecanol, Isopropyl Palmitate, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, C30-45 Alkyl Cetearyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Boron Nitride, Dimethicone/ Vinyltrimethylsiloxysilicate Crosspolymer, Lauroyl Lysine, Alaria Esculenta Extract, Ascorbyl Glucoside, Tocotrienols, Tocopherol, Beta-Sitosterol, Elaeis Guineensis (Palm) Oil, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Squalene, Caprylyl Methicone, Flavor (Aroma), Propylene Carbonate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Potassium Sorbate, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Hexylene Glycol. May Contain [+/-]: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499), Red 30 Lake (CI 73360), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140 :1).
Giving the illusion of a wrap-around, our stretch-knit envelope skirt's asymmetrical front vent casts a captivating silhouette. back zip Misses:  25 length Petite:  23.5 length polyester/spandex washable imported 
A great choice for office or weekend, this bracelet watch is virtually maintenance free, thanks to solar technology that ensures the battery is always charged.   Brand: Seiko Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Strap: Two-tone stainless steel Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 11mm wide Model No.: SUT226 Special Features: Powered by light (natural and artificial) for a free and limitless power supply; date display; 6-month power reserve   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With her pretty dress and sparkly shoes, Princess Sofia brings her newest friends to begin magical adventures that will keep your little one happy for hours at a time.    Disney Collection only at JCPenney includes Sofia, Amber, James, Clover, Flora/Fauna/Merryweather, and tree with squirrel and birds measure between 1.75 and 3.5 tall for ages 3+ plastic imported   WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
These classic riding boots are comfortable and versatile thanks to built-in cushioning and an  elegant single-strap design. technology Cushion Soft technology offers softness you can feel from your fist step, long lasting comfort and fit with minimal cushion compression optimal breathability via open-cell technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed absorbs impact and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction leather upper rubber sole details 2 heel 14¾ shaft height 16¾ shaft circumference soft fabric lining and sockliner surround the foot in comfort zip entry and full-length stretch gore for ease Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Energize your workout wardrobe with our singlet racerback tank top. does not come with cami Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry stretch fabric for freedom of movement no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported
From the workweek to weekend fun, our sateen cropped pants are a perfect way to make sure you're always flaunting a put-together look. zipper closure 2 front slash pockets 2 faux back pockets 18 inseam black white print: cotton/polyester/spandex all others: cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported
Nike® quarter socks with premium cotton offer premium comfort.   cushioned football for comfort Breathable, keeps feet cool and dry arch compression for perfected fit reinforced heel & toe for durability cotton for softness and durability cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
What it is:An innovative protective sunscreen for the face that becomes more effective when it comes into contact with water, delivering the best coverage under the sun for healthy-looking, beautiful skin. What it is formulated to do:Swim, play, and enjoy the outdoorsknowing your sunscreen loves water as much as you do. Providing powerful protection for your skin, this innovative protective veil actually becomes even more effective on the applied area when exposed to water for 15 minutes*, because of its WetForce technology. This unique formula especially for the face includes beneficial ingredients to help prevent skin dryness, just be sure to reapply immediately after towel drying. Ideal for outdoor activities and sports, it provides high sun protection, yet is comfortable and gentle on the skin. Broad-spectrum UV protection helps reduce the appearance of photo-aging with exclusive SuperVeil-UV 360™ technology. *To activate WetForce technology, expose the applied area to water for 15 minutes or sweat for 30 minutes. What else you need to know:This product is dermatologist- and ophthalmologist-tested. Suggested Usage:-Squeeze a pearl-sized amount of cream into the palm.-Dot on five parts of the face and smooth thoroughly over the entire face.-Use as the last step in skincare routine. -Apply liberally 15 minutes before sun exposure.-Reapply after 80 minutes of swimming or sweating, immediately after towel drying, and at least every 2 hours. Precautions:-For external use only.-Do not use on damaged or broken skin.-When using this product keep out of eyes.-Rinse with water to remove.-Stop use and ask a doctor if rash occurs.-Keep out of reach of children.-If product is swallowed, get medical help or contact a poison control center right away.-Sun protection measures: spending time in the sun increases your risk of skin cancer and early skin aging. To decrease this risk, regularly use a sunscreen with a broad spectrum SPF of 15 or higher and other sun protection measures including limit time in the sun, especially from 10 AM to 2 PM and wear long-sleeve shirts, pants, hats, and sunglasses. -Children under six months: ask a doctor. Size:1.2 ozIngredients: -Wetforce Technology with Ionic Mineral Sensor: Protects skin during swimming or sweating.-SuperVeil-UV 360™: Protects every skin furrow and ridge.-ProfenseCEL™ with Antioxidants: Helps protect skin.-Broad-spectrum SPF 50+: Provides optimal sun protection. -Octinoxate 7.4%, Octocrylene 3%, Titanium Dioxide 1.4%, and Zinc Oxide 16.4%: Sunscreen.Water, Dimethicone, Sd Alcohol 40-B, Isohexadecane, Butylene Glycol, Isopropyl Myristate, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Lauryl Peg-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Xylitol, Glycerin, Polybutylene Glycol/Ppg-9/1 Copolymer, Isododecane, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Peg-6, Dextrin Palmitate, Peg-32, Peg/Ppg-14/7 Dimethyl Ether, Saxifraga Sarmentosa Extract, Scutellaria Baicalensis Root Extract, Ononis Spinosa Root Extract, Ectoin, Sophora Angustifolia Root Extract, Silica, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Carboxydecyl Trisiloxane, Aluminum Hydroxide, Stearic Acid, Trisodium Edta, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Talc, Alcohol, Bht, Syzygium Jambos Leaf Extract, Tocopherol, Phenoxyethanol, Fragrance.
This black-to-brown dress belt may be all you’ll ever need for your business and formal styles.   reverses from black to brown cut edge gunmetal buckle with etched logo square tip 1¼ wide polyurethane/bonded leather spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Give your bedroom a serious upgrade with this luxurious comforter set featuring a delicate block print that gives an old-world air to your space. intricate block print in shades of blue, taupe and soft ecru coordinating bedskirt 4-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Queen sets include standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Polyester with polyester fill. Dry clean. Imported. Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 60x82 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 79x82 Cal. King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 72x86 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is designed to fit the specific type you order.
Run, train or take it easy in our stylish tech fleece from Xersion, featuring wicking technology to help keep you dry and comfortable. moisture-wicking fabric regular fit zip front long sleeves side pockets polyester washable imported
Increase your style options in this herringbone-patterned dress shirt from Collection by Michael Strahan, featuring a soft cotton fabric that stretches for comfort. only at JCPenney mechanical stretch fabric (woven to stretch without spandex) spread collar button front long sleeves side pleat back adjustable button cuffs rounded hem 100% cotton washable imported
This rug features a classic pattern of scrolling vines and florals.   plush yet durable fibers heat-set construction for long-lasting colors machine-woven construction highly durable polypropylene/olefin ½ pile height; ½ overall thickness measures 7'7x7'7 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: N/A Slip Resistant: N/A Rug Backing: N/A Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve skid resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported
You'll be ready to work out or relax in our weekend-friendly v-neck print mesh tee. mitered v-neckline moisture-wicking fabric approx. 24½ - 26½ length polyester washable imported
He can kick it in classic street style with the updated two-tone look of Converse Axel high-top sneakers.   canvas upper lace up rubber sole
Gorgeous clear crystals are framed by high-polish gold-tone metal on this frontal collar necklace to create an intriguing look with plenty of sparkle.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Clear glass crystals Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 12 snake chain with 2 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
true With an up to 24-hour delay start, this built-in dishwasher can work for you even when you're not home. hidden light-touch top controls stainless steel tub and door liner 7 cycles include glasses, speed wash and air-dry cycles for a customized wash 60 dba delay start functionality with countdown rinse aid with LED indicator light silverware basket 2 durable plastic shelves resist rust
Durable and functional, this stainless-steel-top portable kitchen island is the perfect way to give your kitchen the modern makeover it needs. MDF, stainless steel and veneer construction 1 drawer cabinet for extra storage 28.25x18x33H assembly required imported
Paired to perfection, this gorgeous lace dress with sheer matching cape has intricate patterns that are transitional from season to season. roundneck sleeveless 37¾ length from shoulder beautiful necklace trim accents polyester/nylon/spandex; polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Give your table an updated look with our placemats, featuring a vibrant print in a range of colorful hues to liven up your home décor. set of 6 100% cotton each placemat measures 19x13 washable imported
Calling all chocolate lovers—this sweet gift has all the rich flavors of Godiva chocolate you could hope for. Set includes: Godiva Signature Biscuit (1.2oz) Godiva Dark Almonds (2oz) Godiva Assorted Truffles (1.75oz) Godiva Salted Toffee Caramels (3.3oz) Godiva Premium Roast Coffee (2oz) Godiva Milk Chocolate Hot Cocoa (1.1oz Godiva Dark Chocolate Pretzels (2.5oz) Godiva Solid Dark Chocolate Bar (1.5oz) Godiva 85% Dark Chocolate Tab (3.5oz) Tin basket. Gift set is 4 pounds. Made in America. 
These Nike Revolution running shoes have a modern, youthful aesthetic that is not only energetic, but comfortable as well.   technology textile duty upper has a two color mesh and is incredibly lightweight injected phylon midsole delivers a consistently soft ride mile after mile rubber outsole provides excellent traction and durability   construction mesh/synthetic upper for enhanced breathability and comfort composition rubber sole for traction   details lace up
Add versatility to your wardrobe with our vibrantly printed sleeveless dress and coordinating 3/4-sleeve jacket. v-neck jacket: 3/4 sleeves dress: sleeveless jacket: approx. 17¾ length dress: approx. 41½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
With a 40-second heat up time and continuous steam trigger, getting the wrinkles out of all your clothes can be done quickly and effortlessly with this handheld fabric steamer.   removes odors kills dust mites and bed bugs 11-minute run time includes removable fabric and lint brush attachment removable, easy-to-fill reservoir lightweight 8' cord length power light 650 watts. Plastic. Measures 4x4.5x3.6H. Wipe clean. Imported.
Assume the identity of the most feared member of the Knights of Ren every time you wear this Star Wars-themed fleece hoodie. hood doubles as Kylo Ren mask zip front long sleeves rib-knit cuffs and hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Pair these lace-up flats with jeans, dresses or shorts for simple style that stands out. unique strappy ankle design synthetic upper rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Contemporary styling and smart functionality makes this coffee table ideal for a wide range of settings.   lift top espresso finish brushed nickel hardware shelving for additional surface space Select hardwoods with birch veneer. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Measures 46x24x19H. Assembly required. Imported.
Our long-sleeve shirt goes beyond basic with a touch of stretch for comfort and a flattering fit. long sleeves approx: 24¾ - 27 ⅛ length cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Comfort, style and convenience make our Liz Claiborne ankle pants your favorite for the season with their trendy ankle length. slim fit misses: 27 inseam petite: 24 3/4 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our classic stainless steel chain necklace is finished in a high-gloss, bold black color and makes a handsome style piece. Metal: Black stainless steelClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 24 round wheat chain; 5.5mm wide Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A common design element in Greek design, the key or meander symbol represents unity and infinity—perfect for these timeless crystal watch and bracelet set.   Brand: Elgin Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Strap: Gold-tone metal Clasp: Adjustable jewelry clasp Accents: 112 crystals Movement: Quartz Case Width: 20mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7¾ long; 9mm wide Model No.: EG8092ST Special Features: Watch and matching bracelet Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A touch of lace in just the right places takes our plunge bra to new heights of appeal. adjustable straps underwire leotard back lace nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Liven up any outfit with these silky-soft jogger pants, featuring a bold floral print and comfy waistband. covered elastic waist with tacked bow tapered leg cinched cuffs viscose washable imported
This beautiful Euro sham features a silky feel with quilting patterns and an elegant flange trim to bring even more flair into your bedroom. neutral beige tone matches easily to room decor every side features 1.5 flange trim soft microfiber feel on back 26x26 sold individually coordinating accessories sold separately polyester with polyester filling dry clean imported Euro shams require a 26 square pillow form, sold separately.
Add luxurious softness underfoot with a Royal Velvet bath rug.   luxuriously plush and soft colors won't fade wash after wash heavyweight construction for superb durability made of Invista Comforel® nylon for incredible comfort high-traction skid-resistant latex backing machine washable for easy care coordinates with the Royal Velvet Egyptian cotton solid bath towel, sold separately Each rug sold separately. Washable. Made in America. Oblong rugs: 17x24, 21x34, 24x40, 30x50 or 21x60 Contour rug (fits around toilet base): 21x24 Lid cover: standard or elongated size Tank set includes cover that wraps around the tank body (measures 15x39) and a separate cover for the tank top (measures 13x27) Carpets: 5x6' or 6x10' Note: 60x72 is a 5x6' carpet; 72x120 is a 6x10' carpet; both can be cut to fit the size of your bathroom The NFSI High-Traction certification signifies that a product has passed the National Floor Safety Institute safety testing requirements. The NFSI evaluates products based on the most current ANSI/NFSI walkway safety standards. High-Traction floor mats are designed to prevent the mat from slipping out from under your foot—providing a safer transition step onto the mat.
Get your beauty sleep with this 3 sculpted topper featuring gel memory foam that absorbs pressure and channels heat away to prevent sleep disturbances by keeping you cool. comfortable, cooling gel memory foam 3 sculpted topper Polyurethane foam. Spot clean. Made in America. Twin topper: 38x74x3 Full topper: 53x74x3 Queen topper: 59x79x3 King topper: 75x79x3 Cal. King topper: 71x83x3 Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
Show off your flair for eye-catching style in our breezy crochet flounce tankini swim top. removable soft cups racerback partially lined polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Accessorize your wallet, purse, backpack and more with this darling white fuzzy ball charm on a silver-tone link chain.  Metal: Silver-tone metalClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 3.25x5.25  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Soak up the sun in our super-cute sandals, featuring a colorful print to liven up your favorite warm-weather outfits. polyurethane upper slip on pointed toe rubber sole
The clean lines and modern slim fit of our signature ankle pants will anchor your workweek wardrobe with streamlined sophistication. flat front zip fly and button closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front front coin pocket 2 back faux welt pockets 33 inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Show off your pride for your favorite baseball team with these comfortable boat shoes featuring the iconic colors of the Boston Red Sox. technology Ortholite® comfort insole with patented moisture and odor control construction canvas upper rubber sole details lace up 1⅛ heel inner lining log embroidered heel logo supportive heel cup and shank
The Nike Dri-FIT low-cut socks give you the moisture-wicking performance and cushioned support you need.   dri-FIT® moisture technology wicking keeps feet cool and dry maximum breathability cushioned footbed for comfort arch compression for perfected fit reinforced heel & toe for durability left/right-specific for a better fit polyester/nylon/cotton/spandex washable imported sock size 13-15 fits shoe sizes 12-15
You'll love the classic polo look and the comfortable 100% cotton build of our polo from Lee. spread collar short sleeves 3-button placket chest pocket regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
Our Hanes tee features X-TEMP technology to help control your temperature during the most intense activity. includes 3 shirts v-neck short sleeves X-TEMP wicking and cooling Tagless® rayon/polyester washable imported
Add a stylish accent to your window treatments with these holdbacks that feature antique-inspired finials for a dash of vintage charm. easily holds curtains back to let sunlight in set of 2 Each holdback measures 5¾x5¼H. Metal; polyresin finials. Imported.  
Sleek, slim-fit polo from IZOD sports textured stripes that command everyone's attention from the moment you tee off.   lay-flat collar 2-button placket polyester washable imported
Our foam cup camisole will smooth out your curves and put you in control. adjustable straps figure enhancing long line tummy control nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
These slip-on flats have a slight wedge heel and get an added edge thanks to some subtle texture on the toe.   synthetic upper wedge heel slip on rubber sole
Our Bisou Bisou bodycon dress takes a cut you're familiar with and turns up the volume with sassy side cutouts for greater appeal. roundneck elbow sleeves side cutouts approx. 43 length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported  
Featuring a sweet floral print and a belt at the waist, this sleeveless skater dress will have her collecting compliments all day long. scoopneck scuba, tulle, interlock and tricot accents dress: polyester/spandex ruffle: nylon lining: polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
With a slim fit and colorblocked waistband, our double-band pants will keep your workout both comfortable and fashionable. Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry stretch fabric for freedom of movement no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin key pocket at inside waistband 31½ inseam jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported
Featuring durable canvas construction with contrasting leather trim, this roomy, two-tone messenger bag will keep pace with your busy lifestyle. top grap handle, 2 drop; adjustable strap, 26 drop zip closure and magnetic straps cotton/leather contrasting leather straps 2 interior multimedia pockets and zip pocket 11½(H) x 15(W) x 6½(D) imported 
Fields of vibrant irises overlook the French countryside on this large landscape wall tapestry. Our faithful rendering recreates the artwork by Fabrice de Villeneuve.   made by skilled artisans using jacquard looms and cotton yarn rod, finials, brackets and mounting hardware included Cotton tapestry with iron hardware. Measures 47x70H. Made in America.  
The simulated pearls and crystals contrast nicely with the gold-tone metal of our drop earrings.  Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Simulated pearls Other Stones: White crystals Back: Lever back Dimensions: .25x1.25Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Nike basketball shorts give you that fit and feel you want whether you're playing a hot game of buckets or lounging around. elastic waistband with drawcord wide seam pockets lightweight 11 inseam polyester washable imported
Our pretty print straw boater hat is constructed with soft brushed cotton canvas and a brim for sun protection. ●    3 crown●    1½ patterned band●    9x8½x6●    100% cotton●    spot clean, line dry●    imported
You're sure to look your best with our handsome and comfortable tuxedo pants. zip fly with button closure 2 back and 2 front pockets straight hemmed leg flat-front midrise wool/polyester lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Okie Dokie® Tank Top - Baby Girls With a fun ruffled pattern, our Okie Dokie® soft tank top is a must-have for her warm-weather wardrobe. 100% cotton washable imported
A look with lots to love, this ring features a trio of heart-shaped lab-created emeralds flanked by sparkling diamond accents. A split shank crafted of polished 14K yellow gold over sterling silver lends the perfect finish.Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: 3mm, 5mm heart-shaped lab-created emeraldsOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: ProngGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Achieve the ease of slip-on sandals with athletic-style support and comfort in our Nike Benassi Swoosh sandals.   technology injected Phylon midsole construction synthetic upper rubber sole  details seamless construction for comfort
Make perfectly cooked rice every time with this 3-cup rice cooker. It takes less time than cooking on the stove, so you'll save energy, too.   removable nonstick cooking bowl tempered glass lid with steam vent cooking and keep warm indicator lights warming setting lets you reheat your rice Metal and plastic with glass lid. Measures 8½x8½x8½H. Hand wash pot. Imported.  
Our cotton polo from Arizona has a simple, solid color that's bright and snappy to bring out his handsome side. spread collar short sleeves button placket 100% cotton washable imported 
Our skirt features an elastic waist and allover lace details for an extra-girl look. elastic waist lace details 25-25½ length polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Take chic style to another level with these patent pumps featuring a delicate cutout design. synthetic upper 3⅞ heel rubber sole
These comfortable terry shorts with drawstring closure and pockets from The Foundry Supply Co. will be what you reach for every day the sun is out. regular fit drawstring closure 2 side pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
A sleek, seamless cami is the perfect layering piece with adjustable straps and flattering side ribbing.   adjustable straps ribbed sides nylon/spandex washable imported
A comfortable seating solution for people of all ages, this beanbag is a great addition to any entertainment space or family room. double-stitched design child-safe zipper 350-pound weight capacity faux-leather cover available in small (15) and medium (18) sizes filled with polystyrene beads made in America
Our modern-fit trouser-leg pants sit at your waist, with a relaxed fit through the hip and thigh, and front-zip pockets for a slimming effect with a hint of edginess.   zip fly with hook-and-bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front zipper pockets 2 back welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations 33 inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported  
Designed with a bamboo-inspired metal frame and indulgent tempered black glass shelves, this serving cart turns a formal affair into a decadent event. metal and glass construction gunmetal gray finish 1 bottom fixed shelf bottle rack and glass holder 2 push handles 4 antique-finished caster wheels glasses and other items sold separately Measures 36Wx23Dx34H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Assembly required; screwdriver needed. Imported.
Stay comfy and cute in these women’s flat sandals, featuring a strappy synthetic upper and rhinestones.   synthetic upper rhinestone accent rubber sole
Great for home practice, travel and yoga studios alike, this yoga mat's versatility and sticky textured surface make it ideal for anyone's yoga journey.   waffled texture for an anti-slip surface open cell design absorbs moisture from hands and feet easy to transport; great for travel phthalate free and heavy metal free PVC foam. Measures 24x68L. Hand wash and clean with cleansing wipes. Imported.
Our sporty strap sandals from the Clarks collection feature two hook-and-bar closures for an adjustable fit, a CushionSoft dual-density footbed and flexible rubber outsole cushion for all-day comfort.  technology CushionSoft dual-density footbed construction synthetic upper rubber sole details 1.25 heel 2 adjustable hook-and-loop closures open toe
Comfortable, soft and trend-worthy, our lace-up sneakers are so light that you'll hardly notice them on.construction●    breathable textile/synthetic upper●    lightweight EVA and thermoplastic rubber outsoledetails●    lace-up closure for secure fit●    bright contrasting colors  
Perfect for any sleep situation, this 3-piece pajama set features a short-sleeve top, a long-sleeve top and a corresponding pair of pants. includes short-sleeve top, long-sleeve top and pants screen-printed graphic no-pinch elastic waistband polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Give her a fashion forward look with this cool ringer graphic tee, perfect for any casual occasion. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
In gleaming sterling silver, our genuine peridot ring shows off flirty faceting and a halo of sparkling diamonds, rendering a contemporary yet feminine look.Metal: Sterling silverStone: 7x7mm round genuine peridotOther Stones: 1/7 ct. t.w. diamondsSetting: ProngDimensions: 20.4x11.8mmGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
With an adjustable T-strap design that holds your foot in place, our chic glittery pumps are perfect for anything from dinner to dancing. synthetic upper 4 heel ½ platform side buckle synthetic sole
Soft scrub pants from Dickies stretch when you do for all-day, on-the-job comfort. elastic waist with drawstring sits at waist back pocket cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
For incomparable beauty, this ring takes first place. A trio of princess-cut multi-tops are placed side by side, perhaps a symbol of your love in all three dimensions—past, present and future. Topping it off are shanks of prong-set diamonds that glisten brilliantly.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. princess-cut and round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Invisible and prong Gallery Height: 7.28mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our tee features cuffed sleeves and an allover print of the Captain America shield symbol for a fun casual look. ●    roundneck●    short sleeves●    28.5 length●    polyester/rayon●    washable●    imported  
The tonal flag graphic makes a bold statement on this colorful tee from Levi's. regular fit crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Our chic sheath dress adds an elegant flair to your night-out look with a beaded shoulder detail and shutter-pleat silhouette. cowlneck 38½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex lined dry clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Let your free spirit sing in our sleeveless dress with fun print fabric and metal detail at the neck. ●    roundneck●    sleeveless●    35¾ length from shoulder●    lined●    polyester●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
true This portable washer from GE® goes just about anywhere you need, so you can get your laundry done, on your terms. With 8 wash cycles, intuitive one-touch controls and 7 water levels for optimized water and energy savings, this compact washer will make laundry easier, including some tight spaces.   2.6 DOE cu. ft. stainless steel basket resists rust and won’t chip Electronic one-touch controls with LED read-out 8 wash cycles: normal, soak, delicates, speed wash, heavy duty, hand wash, basket clean, wash/rinse and/or spin 7 water levels offer water and energy savings up to 680 rpms spin speed removes water efficiently and minimizes dry time 3 wash/rinse temperatures Made in America Note: In order for pedestals to be installed they must be purchased and delivered with the corresponding washer and dryer.shop matching electric dryer
This 23-gallon hands-free stainless steel trash can is ideal for commercial, large-family or high-traffic use.   touch-free automatic open and close lid opens instantly when hand or trash is within 5 of its sensor helps prevent cross-contamination and the spread of bacteria. manual open-close buttons provide added control fits any 22- to 40-gallon trash bags powered by 4 D batteries or optional A/C adapter (both sold separately) Stainless steel. Measures 18x18x31; weighs 19 lbs. Imported.  
Pretty flowers are chain stitched onto the front of this smooth, cotton decorative pillow for a look that will bring your bed to life. decorative cord trim measures 20x20 Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.  
This popcorn set will put your taste buds into overdrive. The popper is paired with farm-fresh Amish Country Popcorn and On the Edge Seasonings for an experience that’s truly gourmet. direct-drive stirring mechanism allows for perfect popcorn as well as roasted nuts, chocolate treats and more locking, spring-loaded hinged lid with wide opening for easy pouring effortless stirring hard-coated anodized lid is extra thick and resistant to scratching, chipping and peeling induction compatible handcrafted bamboo bowl in charcoal burlap bag features decorative Amish print hand wash 17-pound net weight made in America; popper and bowl are imported Set includes: 6-quart capacity stainless steel popper 6-quart capacity serving bowl two 2-pound Farm Fresh Burlap Popping Corn - Big & Yellow two 2-pound Farm Fresh Burlap Popping Corn - Tender & White On the Edge Seasonings sampler pack:          1-ounce French Toast (contains milk/dairy)          1-ounce Baby Back Ribs          1-ounce Ketchup Please (contains soy)          1-ounce Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough (contains milk/dairy)
This comfortable short-sleeve henley shirt from The Foundry Supply Co. is one you’ll reach for again and again. regular fit crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Add the finishing touch to your windows with Zebra Darling window coverings.   zebra print sheers with tiebacks coordinate with Zebra Darling bedding collection pieced valance matches the pattern of the comforter Draperies are sold as a pair and include tiebacks; dimensions reflect total width of the pair. 72Wx15L tailored valance is sold individually. Shirr on up to a 2½ rod. Polyester. Dry clean. Imported.
Combining a classic floral pattern with coordinating stripes, this quilted-top comforter set brings out the charming cottage feel you've been seeking.   quilted-top comforter and shams with scalloped edges ruffled bedskirt trimmed in matching floral and stripe patterns square pillow is ruffled oblong pillow is detailed with floral embroidery  8-piece set includes: comforter 2 shams 2 Euro shams 2 decorative pillows ruffled bedskirt with 15 drop Euro shams require a 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Queen set includes standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Cotton comforter and decorative pillows with polyester back and fill; cotton shams and Euro shams with polyester back; cotton bedskirt with olefin platform. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20; Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 60x80; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 78x80; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12 Cal. King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 72x84; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Keep her on her feet with a cute tee from Nike that sends a message. cotton jersey knit washable imported
With a mini-waffle weave and spa-like fabrication, this cotton robe is the perfect choice to wrap yourself in after stepping out of the shower. 100% cotton tie closure easy care Cotton. Measures 50”L. Washable. Imported.
Full circle fashion! Enjoy a fun and vibrant bedroom when you add this geometric Lacey comforter set to the mix.   geometric circles and stripes in teal and purple complementary gray stripes on back decorative flange trim on sham(s) includes coordinating decorative pillows 4-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: comforter sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen set includes: comforter 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: comforter is 68x90; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 18x12 Full/Queen: comforter is 90x90; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 18x12
Bolster your office look with our sleek high-waist skirt, with a belt to accentuate your figure. high waist belted back zipper 25” length cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Enjoy the easy breezy style of our Acapulco top, featuring modern burnout fabric layering and cute slits on the 3/4 sleeves.  Crewneck with foldover collar 3/4 sleeves button closure 26½ length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
He’ll love our athletic shorts that are easy to slip on and comfy enough to wear all day. elastic waistband contrast stripe polyester washable imported
Refresh your style in our curve-hugging, slim-fitting ponte knit pants. elastic waistband rayon/nylon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported misses: 30 inseam petite: 28 inseam
Stay warm in our long-sleeve crewneck sweater made of a soft jersey material. roundneck approx. 22 - 24 length stripe lurex: rayon/cotton/metallic/other fibers all other colors: cotton/rayon/nylon washable imported
What it is:This shimmering, silky powder catches the light and gives the skin a unique glow. What it does:Easy to use and suitable for all skin types, this powder combines an extremely fine yet dense texture. Only a small amount is necessary for a visible and fabulous result.What else you need to know:Dany's Tip: You can shade it off easily with an eye shadow or powder brush. Use a damp brush to increase shine and hold. You can also dab a small amount on the areas of the face that need highlighting: around the eyes, on the cheekbones, and over lipstick.Size:0.09 ozIngredients​All shades contain:Mica. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides, Ferric Ferrocyanide, Carmine.
Give your weekend look an eye-catching spin with our flattering back-flap pocket denim capris. sits lower on waist button-and-zip closure cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Stafford Performance shirt is our best-selling style that features industry leading technology and innovation.   wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering treated with stain release and repel Scotchgard™ technology point collar comfort-stretch collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked have it monogrammed! more sizes: regular, athletic, big, extra tall cotton/polyester washable imported
Throw on our seamed graphic sweatshirt for comfortable coverage before, during and after workouts. 2x2 ribbed trim approx. 27⅝ - 29½ front length French terry cotton/polyester cotton/polyester/spandex trim washable imported
Give you’re her something to get excited about with these stylish and comfortable denim shorty shorts featuring ruffled front pockets for extra flair. flat front relaxed fit 2 front pockets with ruffles elastic waist faux fly cotton/polyester washable imported
The floral imprints on these trunks put you in a tropical state of mind no matter where you are. waistband with drawstring mesh liner side pockets 11½ inseam polyester washable imported 
With this ultra-soft velvet plush blanket, you'll never have to compromise comfort and warmth for style—its cozy, generous size covers it all.   easy-care knitted polyester stays plush wash after wash provides an extra layer of comfort and warmth when you need it most stylish, easy-to-coordinate solid colors Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin blanket: 66x90 (also fits Twin XL) Full/Queen blanket: 90x90 King blanket: 108x90 (also fits Cal. King)
Love the look of our naturally slimming Lee 5-pocket capris.   mid rise pull on slimming waistband 22 inseam cotton/twill washable imported
These low profile skateboarding shoes have grip and flexibility in a fun pattern for active kids. technology flexible vulcanized rubber outsole strategically placed reinforcements on upper for balance of weight and durability construction canvas upper rubber sole details lace-up entry phylon midsole with rubber taping for comfort and durability low profile for mobility
No matter where you lay your head, you can count on this sport watch to keep the correct time using atomic timekeeping technology and precise quartz movement. Brand: Casio Dial Color: Gray Strap: Black resin Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 52mm Case Thickness: 11mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 24mm wide Model No.: WV58A-1AV Special Features: Radio-controlled atomic accuracy; 1/100th-second stopwatch; alarm; date display; world time; EL backlight with afterglow; countdown timer Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add flair to your casual style with our slip-on shoes designed to fit effortlessly for all-day comfort. technology Cushion soft technology offers softness you can feel from your first step, long lasting comfort and fit with minimal cushion compression optimal breathability via open-cell technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction leather upper flexible rubber sole details 1¼ heel nylon shank soft fabric lining stretch gores for better fit
Our Yuu Moria sandal has a custom cushioned footbed and super-flex outsole for all day comfort.   polyurethane upper keyhole detail adjustable Velcro™ strap custom cushioned footbed super flex rubber sole
Space-dyed running tee from Asics offers out-of-this-world comfort by combining moisture-wicking technology with well-placed mesh ventilation. Hydrology® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you comfortable and dry mesh ventilation reflective logos crewneck short sleeves side vents polyester washable imported
Make a splash this season in customized swimwear that begins with our sporty Zeroxposur mesh racerback tankini swim top.   scoopneck built-in bra mesh racerback UPF 30+ sun protection lightweight 4-way stretch quick dry nylon/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
The Savannah cut-to-width unfringed thermal roller shade helps reduce energy costs. Note: Roller shades will be slightly narrower than the width ordered; to avoid the resulting light gap on each side and to achieve maximum privacy and light control, consider outside mount.   cordless product safe for homes with young children and pets polyester matte finish fabric with foam backing for privacy reliable multi stop spring roller allows positioning of shade at any height on the window all colors are white to the street side custom cut to your width for inside mount installation , deduct 1/8” from your total width for proper clearance universal steel brackets, screws and anchors included which allow for inside, outside or ceiling installations Roller shade is white on street side and can fit windows up to 64 long. Window must be at least 1 deep for inside mount; 2¼ deep for flush inside mount. Hardware included.Polyester. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.To Order: After measuring your windows, select the size range you need, and the color and quantity and click on add to bag. You will then be able to specify the exact width you need for your shade. For inside mount, subtract 1/8 from your overall width to account for mounting brackets. ¾D for inside mount; 2¼D for flushed inside mount. Note: If you are ordering more than one shade within the same size range and want the shades cut to different widths, you must place each shade in the shopping bag separately.Spring motor roller shades are manufactured with approximately 8” of extra fabric added to the length. This is required for the proper operation of the spring activated roller mechanism. FREE SWATCH: If you would like to receive a swatch of the fabric prior to ordering the item, please e-mail customerservice@phaseii.com to receive a sample swatch of fabric. Please include your name, address, item description and color that corresponds with your selection. Allow 5 days to receive the swatch. *Cost savings represent the relative cost of heating or cooling an area to account for heat lost or gained through a window. Savings reflect comparison to a bare single-pane window. Energy Savings logo developed by JCPenney for exclusive use. Energy Savings testing conducted by an independent third-party laboratory.
These swimmer’s board shorts not only look good but are smartly made, with a side pocket and mesh pocket bag for easy drainage and bungee key cord so you can get home from the beach. waistband with lace-front closure mesh basket liner side pocket with mesh pocket bag bungee key cord 11½ inseam polyester/cotton washable imported
Add a fun pattern to your closet with our embroidered top. short sleeves embroidered front cotton/polyester washable imported
Neat pleats parallel the hidden button-front placket of our comfy stretch-cotton shirt for an all-business finish.   shirt collar cuffed sleeves gently rounded hem approx. 25 - 26½ center-back length cotton/spandex cheerful pink: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported 
Polish off your dapper style with our fully cushioned oxford shoes that will show you mean business. leather upper and linings fully cushioned insole rubber sole  
A buckled neckline and crisp pleating enlivens the powerhouse look of our blouse. pleated neckline with buckle detail loop-and-button closure approx. 26⅜ - 28 length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
true Skip the dry cleaners with this powerful gas dryer. The effective Steam Dry cycle helps eliminate odors and freshen clothes while removing wrinkles for a clean and smooth look. 7.4 cu. ft. capacity lets you do more laundry in each load knob control and LED display Steam Dry cycle eliminates odors and refreshes clothes, all without manually refilling a water reservoir  11 drying cycles with Sensor Dry that adjusts drying time based on when clothes are dry to save energy 4 temperature settings child lock feature prevent unintended use  Smart Care lets you troubleshoot appliance problems from your smartphone
He will be ready for the trip in no time with his favorite action heroes helping him pack. Our pilot case luggage is roomy enough for all his clothes and travel essentials. retractable handle and wheels full zip closure on main compartment and front pockets 18x11½x7¾ polyester wipe clean with damp cloth imported
Our wedge sandals have rhinestones and sequins on the strap and a slip-on style for an effortless warm-weather look.  plastic upper rhinestone and sequin embellishments open toe EVA sole
Inspired by the popular chevron pattern, this baby bedding set will give your nursery a clean and modern look. dotted and chevron print cotton/polyester washable imported 3-piece set includes: 36x44 blanket crib skirt fitted crib sheet (fits standard 52x28 crib mattress)
Pass some time in the sweetest of ways by turning any hard or sugar-free candy into a delicious cotton candy treat your whole family will adore.   carnival-inspired pink and white styling for a fun, vintage look spins sugar floss or your favorite hard candy into a delicious treat in minutes also works with standard cotton candy sugar or sugar-free candy can be used countertop or as cart includes rim guard to keep your entertaining space clean Plastic. Measures 15x24x38H. Imported.  
Get ready for the warm weather with our flip flops, featuring a slip-on style and cushioned footbed for comfort.  polyester upper textile/rubber sole slip on
The radiant luster of diamond-cut gold makes this versatile chain perfect for everyday wear and special occasions. Wear alone or with your favorite pendant.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Closure: Lobster clasp Width: 1.75mm Length: 18, 20, 22, 24 or 30 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bring a bright, fresh appeal to mealtime when you bake and serve in the same dish with this colorful bakeware set.   colorful exteriors feature ribbed embossing for texture classic design is perfect for casual get-togethers and everyday meals safe for use in the  microwave and oven 6-piece set includes: 4 ramekins large rectangular baker small rectangular baker Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Enjoy all the comfort you expect in a great pair of pants when you wear our easy-care Alfred Dunner® pull-on pants.    2 front slash pockets elastic waist polyester washable imported misses: 30 inseam misses short: 27½ inseam petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam  
This classic quilt set will complete the look of your room, showing off your love of style and comfort. shades of blue, taupe, coral, and gray cotton quilt with cotton/polyester fill; cotton shams washable twin quilt: 68x88 full/queen quilt: 90x90 king quilt: 104x90 imported   2-piece twin set includes: quilt sham   3-piece full/queen or king set includes: quilt 2 shams   Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin and full/queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams.
Our flirty off-the-shoulder mesh top will make a fun top to wear with jeans, capris, shorts and skirts. roundneck sleeveless 16-17½ length lined polyester washable imported
Your little manly-man will love these rough-and-tumble camo cargo shorts—ready for any exploring adventure.   2 front pockets, 2 back pockets, 2 cargo pockets button-and-zip closure cotton washable imported
Add a flirty element to your laidback vibe with our pretty lace tunic dress. squareish v-neck 3/4 sleeves 38½ length from shoulder shell: cotton/nylon; machine wash, line dry cami: polyester; washable imported
Our laundry hamper features a mesh top with a strong, adjustable closure, heavy-duty handles for easy transport and vinyl interiors for easy cleaning, making it perfect for any laundry room, bedroom or closet. mesh top with adjustable closure heavy-duty handles for easy transport vinyl interiors for easy cleaning aluminum/polyester clean with a damp cloth 15.75x15.75x23.5H easy assembly imported
This concertino music stand has a shorter, portable design, making it ideal for stage bands, guitarists, cellists and seated musicians on the go.   plastic/metal alloy 40x23x18 stand sold separately made in America
What it is:A perfecting palette that includes everything you need for a flawless, radiant complexion with a no-makeup look and feel.What it does:This kit of complexion essentials is powered by bareMinerals’ proprietary SeaNutritive Mineral™ Complex to deliver antiaging benefits for softer, smoother, younger-looking skinall with an innovative solid mineral technology.This set contains:- bareMinerals READY Foundation Broad Spectrum SPF 20- bareMinerals READY Touch Up Veil Broad Spectrum SPF 15- bareMinerals READY Bronzer- bareMinerals READY Luminizer- Correcting Concealer Broad Spectrum SPF 20- Mini Precision Face Brush- Mini Tapered Face Brush- Keepsake Makeup Clutch Ingredients​READY Foundation: Boron Nitride, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Glycerin, Magnesium Silicate, Silica, Nylon-12, Humic Acids, Rosa Canina Fruit Oil, Jojoba Esters, Corallina Officinalis Extract, Lecithin, Betaine, Algae Extract. May Contain: Mica, Bismuth Oxychloride, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides.READY Touch Up Veil: Silica, Coco-Caprylate, Lauroyl Lysine, Boron Nitride, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Corallina Officinalis Extract, Bambusa Arundinacea Stem Powder, Tocopherol, Jojoba Seed Oil, Soybean Oil, Cetyl Phosphate, Alaria Esculenta Extract, Cananga Odorata Flower Oil, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Jojoba Esters, Grape Seed Oil, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Linalool, Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Salicylate, Farnesol. May contain: Mica, Iron Oxides.READY Bronzer: Lauroyl Lysine, Boron Nitride, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate,Corallina Officinalis Extract, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Alaria Esculenta Extract, Calcium Ketogluconate, Grape Seed Oil, Carrot Root Extract, Rapeseed Seed Oil, Tocopherol, Silica. May Contain (+/-): Mica, Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Bismuth Oxychloride (Ci 77163).READY Luminizer: Lauroyl Lysine, Boron Nitride, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Polyglyceryl-2 Triisostearate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Corallina Officinalis Extract, Kiwi Seed Oil, Grape Seed Oil, Alaria Esculenta Extract, Tocopherol, Calcium Ketogluconate, Silica. May Contain (+/-): Mica, Carmine (Ci 75470), Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Bismuthoxychloride (Ci 77163), Manganese Violet (Ci 77742).Correcting Concealer: Isodecyl Isononanoate, Phenyl Trimethicone, Isocetyl Alcohol, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Hdi/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Polyethylene, Trioctyldodecyl Citrate, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Silica, Candelilla Wax, Octadecenedioic Acid, Tocopheryl Acetate, Cetyl Esters, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Butylene/Ethylene/ Styrene Copolymer, Lecithin, Lauryl Pca, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Vp/Hexadecene Copolymer, Alumina, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Saccharomyces/Copper Ferment, Lactobacillus/Lemon Peel Ferment Extract, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides, Bismuth Oxychloride.
Every wardrobe needs a reliable, pretty top that fits every occasion with comfort and ease. roundneck with keyhole and drawstring elbow sleeves approx. 24 length polyester/spandex washable imported
With the look and feel of fine silk, the intricately embroidered Brussell comforter set brings true sophistication to your bedroom.   fully appointed set with all the pieces needed for a flawlessly dressed bed upscale look with damask detailing updated traditional styling in sophisticated colors 7-piece comforter set includes: comforter 2 pillow shams bedskirt 3 decorative pillows Polyester with polyester fill. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Queen: comforter is 90x90 King: comforter is 104x92 Cal. King: comforter is 104x92
A super dose of dazzling crystals—from the inner ring on the dial to the double row on the bezel—is what you can expect from this watch. A glitter-style strap seals the deal.   Dial Color: Silver-tone Accents: Crystals on bezel and dial Strap: White synthetic Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 18mm wide Model No.: DCR188   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Transitioning easily from work to weekend, this limited edition, feature-packed watch goes anywhere you go without missing a beat. Using Eco-Drive technology, it’s powered by light sources, with a power reserve, so it never needs a battery.   Brand: Citizen Dial Color: Blue Strap: Stainless steel and black silicone Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 200m Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 24mm wide Model No.: AT4021-02L Special Features: Atomic timekeeping technology with synchronized time adjustment in 5 time zones; 1-second chronograph stopwatch measures up to 60 minutes; alarm; date display; perpetual calendar; 12/24-hour time; power reserve indicator; tachymeter; sapphire crystal; gift box included   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Form and function come together with these shoes from Deer Stags. Fashionably cute in a Mary Jane style, this shoe is also fit for a day on the job with an oil- and slip-resistant, non-marking outsole.construction synthetic upper EVA sole details adjustable strap cushioned midsole slip-resistant oil-resistant non-marking outsole
Fashioned in rhodium-plated sterling silver, this striking ¼ ct. t.w. diamond bracelet adds a gorgeous finishing touch to your special occasion outfits.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds Closure: Push-lock Dimensions: 7½ long   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Create your own brilliantly delicious pie recipes in this deep-set pie dish specifically made to go from oven to service. bright, bold and tonal hues extra depth for larger servings 31-oz. capacity ceramic stoneware 10.375x10.375x2.063H dishwasher safe made in America
Comfortable, versatile and oh so fashionable, our sleeveless poncho makes a great addition to your wardrobe.   scoop neck   short sleeves   overlay: polyester   tank: rayon/spandex   machine wash, line dry   imported
Detailed with dainty rolled arms, a rolled back, box seat and tapered wood legs, this accent chair’s compact profile makes it perfect for smaller spaces.   kiln-dried, laminated wood frame connected with two 16-gauge cords tempered steel spring system plush cushions filled with Dacron foam Fabric options: Room Chocolate: A retro yet contemporary fabric featuring chenille and jacquard rings and circles in colors of burgundy, peach, purple, silver and tan. 100% polyester. Topfloral Red: A printed, smooth fabric with multiple radiant colors. 100% cotton. Finny Linen: A sophisticated fabric featuring a repeated pattern that’s applied in a graceful design and neutral ivory colors. 80% polyester/20% linen. Foothills Persimmon: Featuring a bold pattern and mesmerizing design in shades of red, chocolate brown and soft beige, this fabric’s rustic-texture background and blend of colors that decoratively intermingle creates a stunning display of contrasting texture. 62% cotton/38% polyester. Ruins Espresso: Traditional tapestry, tone-on-tone chenille jacquard fabric with a paisley and leaf design in copper with medium and light browns. 73% rayon/27% polyester. Prey Quarry: With a small-scale, modern and elegant leopard design, this fabric is perfect for decorating. 53% polyester/47% polypropylene.  Kelby Graphite: This fabric has a gray geometric chain print on a light beige background. 66% cotton, 14% acrylic, 11% nylon and 9% rayon. Moroccan Caribbean: This fabric features a tile pattern with a scalloped diamond shape design and repeating background patterns. 67% polyester/18% linen/15% cotton. Axis Domino:Refresh and modernize any home decor with this fabric featuring a striped geometric pattern with a modern feel. 61% rayon/39% polyester. Aberdeen Garnet:The perfect tapestry decor accent for any home and the combination of thread colors and weaves, this fabric creates a unique art experience that changes with each viewing angle. 50% polyester/50% polypropylene. Aloha Lava: Floral tapestry with a seamless pattern and cute decorative background of red leaves and flowers. 39% acrylic/33% polyester/28% cotton. Owens Barcelona: Featuring a traditional paisley design with a light tan pattern and a touch of gray on charcoal. 36% rayon/34% cotton/30% polyester. Fleur Driftwood:The large-scale floral design of this watercolor-inspired fabric is perfect for brightening up your home and will work with classic and modern interiors. 55% linen/45% cotton. Folly Tourmaline:A versatile, medium-weight fabric with cotton overprints. 70% cotton/30% linen. Pravo Charcoal:The seamless floral pattern and unique antique look of this fabric make it fun and easy to bring any room to life. 100% polyester. Suzanne Aegean:This fabric features a classical floral and medallion design pattern infused with colors of fresh moss, teal and gray. 51% viscose/27% polyester/22% linen. Aubusson Charcoal: Featuring a screen print, this fabric is a versatile accent solution for any home. 70% cotton/30% linen. Hayden: Offering superior strength and resilience, this lightweight, moisture-wicking fabric is resistant to solvents, most chemicals, stretching and shrinking. 100% polyester. Microsuede:Supremely soft and featuring high-quality colors, this fabric is a simply elegant addition to any room in your home. 100% polyester. Heirloom: This fabric features a textural zigzag pattern. 40% olefin, 28% polyester, 21% cotton and 11% rayon. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 32Wx33Wx37H overall with a 22 seat height, 22 seat depth and 15 seat back height. Made in America.
A pretty chevron pattern gives this sheet set an upgrade and the microfiber fabric makes it soft and cozy. polyester chevron pattern bold colors soft microfiber fabric fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 14 deep washable imported   set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase(s) Twin and twin XL sets include one standard pillowcase. Full and queen sets include two standard pillowcases. King sets include two king pillowcases.
Whether you attach them to your finger, pen, tools or other objects, these micro flashlights with small white LED lights are a fun and helpful addition to your tool or toy box.   includes one of each in white, blue, green and red adjustable Velcro® strap for easy attachment no assembly required button-cell batteries included imported   WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
With a metallic fabric upper and open-toe design, these pumps will get you where you're going in style. synthetic upper 2½ heel composition leather sole
Our Danny & Nicole fit-and-flare dress has floral enthusiasm that's absolutely contagious. scoopneck sleeveless back zipper approx. 37¾ length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Imagine boiling lobsters or creating a huge pot of stew in this giant stainless steel stock pot. It's a favorite piece for any crowd-pleasing chef.   polished stainless steel for durability and exceptional beauty thick, aluminum core full cap base for fast, even heating close-fitting lid creates a self-basting feature that traps in moisture and nutrients oven safe to 350°F Aluminum. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Our performance bucket hat from Xersion features a reversible design for a versatile look and mesh for ventilation on those hot days. reversible adjustable polyester/nylon mesh: polyester bungee: latex/polyester spot clean with damp cloth imported
It’s all about comfort—with a generous dose of style—in our effortless jersey knit leggings. slim fit mid rise elastic waistband jersey knit cotton/spandex washable imported misses: 29 inseam petite: 27 inseam talls: 32½ inseam
Rose-tone and silver-tone rings twist into a shining pendant hanging from a radiant 28 long silver-tone chain. Metal: Rose-tone and silver-tone metalClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 28 long chainPendant Size: 2x2.5 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Create elegant, alluring style for your next special occasion with the dramatic lace design of our short-sleeve dress.   42½ length from shoulder nylon/polyester/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Your little guy will be up for any adventure in these durable hiker boots. synthetic upper lace up and self-adhesive closure rubber sole imported
Add a touch of vintage bohemian charm when you don our belted sweater dress for a versatile look whatever your day has in store.            scoopneck drawstring belt 35 length from shoulder knit polyester lined hand wash, dry flat imported
Our Mandoro cocktail table is made with durable solid wood finished with dark ash for a subtle and beautiful addition to your living room. solid wood frame butt, wedged and blocked joinery dark ash finish 28.13x28.13x18.88H wipe clean with damp cloth assembled in the United States with global components Signature Design by Ashley® is a registered trademark of Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.
Add a feminine touch to your everyday style with this adorable square-stone stud earring set.  Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Acrylic stonesBack: PostDimensions: 11x11mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Performance cotton pants are ultra-soft and wrinkle-free for smooth comfort that lasts all day.   wrinkle-free permanent crease straight fit sits at waist trimmer through seat and thigh straight leg comfort waist zip front with button closure pleated front side-seam pockets back button-through welt pockets hemmed cotton washable imported
Stay cool in these versatile flip-flops from Dockers® perfect for the beach or lounging around the yard. polyurethane/EVA imported
Cotton jersey pants provide relaxed-fit comfort before, during or after the big game.   relaxed fit elastic waist with drawcord side-seam pockets logo patch on left leg 34 inseam closed bottom cotton or cotton/polyester washable imported
These versatile nesting tables feature a classy wicker construction and come in three different sizes. Best of all, they stack for easy storage and are weather-resistant and UV-protected.   versatile brown finish can be used together or separately stores easily great for a patio or deck Polyethylene wicker. Rinse with mild soap and water. Imported. Large table: 18x24x24H Medium table: 15x18x21H Small table: 12x12x18.63H                    
What it is:A mango butter shampoo that nourishes, gently cleanses, and restores moisture to dry hair.What it is formulated to do:As a result of a superficial deterioration, dry hair can experience excessive water loss at its core and the keratin fibers can become damaged. Hair becomes dull, coarse, and difficult to style. This shampoo provides lasting nourishment and hydrating care while cleansing gently. Hair becomes softer and suppler for easier styling and less breakage.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- ParabensWhat else you need to know:This product is silicone-free as well as cruelty-free. Suggested Usage:-Apply to wet hair. Work into a lather and then rinse.Precautions:-In case of contact with eyes, rinse thoroughly.Ingredients:​ -Mango Butter: Nourishes the hair shaft, providing protection, smoothness and suppleness.Water, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, PEG-7 Glyceryl Cocoate, Decyl Glucoside, Lauryl Betaine, Propylene Glycol, Acrylates Copolymer, Benzoic Acid, Citric Acid, Coco-Glucoside, Fragrance, Glycol Palmitate, Glycol Stearate, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Butter, Methylisothiazolinone, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Chloride, Sodium Hydroxide, Styrene/Acrylates Copolymer, Yellow 5, Yellow 6.
Dinner-approved, jacquard-print silk shirt from Island Shores gives you a look that’s laidback without getting too casual.   camp collar with button and loop left chest pocket side vents silk dry clean only imported
With combed cotton for comfort, these black-and-white diagonally striped men’s crew socks are an essential accent for any outfit.   cotton/nylon/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 7-12
Our pull-on shorts feature two layers of shorts—with one layer that's bike shorts featuring a cute stripe print and the adidas logo—for an adorable athletic look. ●    elastic waist●    pull on●    fabric: polyester●    bike short: polyester/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Sporty and rugged, these composite-toe work boots feature a slip-resistant design and other safety features to give you peace of mind during your demanding workday. construction leather/nylon upper breathable mesh lining rubber sole details lace up 8 shaft height cushioned, removable insert sturdy composite toe rated ASTM F2413-11 Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
Dial up the cute factor while adding more coverage in these colorful boyshorts from Total Girl. cotton/spandex washable imported
With 10 power levels and auto-cook menus, finding the right combination of settings to cook all your food to perfection is easy.   auto-defrost menus for frozen food kitchen timer child safety lock AC current; 1000 watts. Steel. Measures 20.2x16.7x12”H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
true This spacious side-by-side refrigerator comes equipped with an advanced water filtration system that removes trace pharmaceuticals from water and ice. ENERGY STAR® qualified advanced water filtration system uses MWF replacement filter adjustable slide-out, spill-resistant glass shelves snack drawer conveniently stores favorite foods adjustable humidity drawers help food stay fresh large door bins free up valuable shelf space<21.8 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage room 67½ x 33½ x 33⅝
Add a colorful burst of color to your bed with this Euro sham featuring blue, aqua and green tones.   2” flange zipper closure measures 26x26” Sold individually. Requires a 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Polyester with cotton back. Dry clean. Imported.
Featuring aggressive tread, sturdy reinforced seams and a waterproof build that keeps your feet dry mile after mile, our Spencer hiking boots from Wolverine will keep you moving through even the most rugged terrain.   construction nubuck/nylon upper rubber sole details lace up D-ring shoelace fasteners removable cushioned footbed mesh fabric lining nylon shank waterproof  
This work-ready jacket includes a gold three-button closure and rolled cuffs to give you a customized look. v-neck notch collar 21 length polyester dry clean only imported
Swirls of diamonds create a mesmerizing ring that adds an aura of glamour to any occasion.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: 1/10 ct. t.w. diamonds Setting: Prong Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
You can look your best and feel your most comfortable in our relaxed-fit foldover maxi skirt. wide foldover waistband 44 length rayon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
She’ll have everything she needs to dress up and add accessories, all at her fingertips with this dress-up carousel.   hanging areas with wooden pegs eight storage cubbies two mirrors storage bins for make-up, jewelry, scarves, hats, shoes, etc. accessories not included ages 3+ 20x20x49.5 assembly required imported
A workweek staple for wardrobe-anchoring style, our pintuck ankle pants helps your look get down to business. slim fit hook-and-bar closure 27 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Pretty paisley print on our flowing halter maxi dress pairs perfectly with a simple, long necklace and a floppy hat for a perfectly accessorized look. halterneck sleeveless 60 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Loosen up and enjoy life in these Levi's 569 shorts with traditional 5-pocket styling.   matching big & tall web id: 5831501 loose fit through seat and thigh sits just below the waist straight leg 5-pocket styling flat front zip-and-button closure 12 inseam crowley: 100% cotton smokey mountain: cotton/polyester/elastane white/khaki: cotton/elastane washable imported
Nars Pressed Powder has a silky feel that will not cake on the skin, after multiple applications. Apply alone or over foundation for a soft, natural-looking finish. Size0.28 oz
Shining with luminous elegance, this gold-tone bracelet features filigree cutouts that are framed—and backed—with pretty pink stones.    Metal: Gold-tone brassStones: Light pink stonesClosure: Lobster claspJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Don't be late! There's a tea party happening and everyone's in attendance with this Alice in Wonderland figure set.   includes Alice, the Cheshire Cat, the Queen of Hearts, Tweedle Dee and Tweedle Dum, the White Rabbit and the Mad Hatter each figure measures approx. 1½-3½H plastic assembled for ages 3+ imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
You'll be ready to mingle with confidence in our multi-strap wedge sandals, made with memory foam for comfort. technology Bio-Dri lining memory foam construction synthetic upper synthetic sole details multi-strap low-heel wedge
A modern take on classic design, these fashion-forward boots are as engaging as they are comfortable. construction leather upper rubber sole details slip on lace accents
What it is: A must-have palette featuring five bestselling, full-size, box o’ powder blushes and bronzers. What it does: Flaunt these universally flattering powders separately or pair them together for a custom flush of color. The lightweight, long-lasting powders are buildable and blendable, leaving you with the perfect pop of color and they include a soft, natural-bristle brush for easy application. Contour, sculpt, and defining your prettiest features with makeup artist favorite and bestselling hoola matte bronzer. Then highlight with the dandelion box o’ powder blush, or add a wash of color with rockateur, dallas or CORALista blush for a radiant glow. For the most natural-looking flush, tap off excess powder from your brush before sweeping any blush onto your cheeks. This set contains: - 0.32 oz Dallas box o’ powder blush in Dusty Rose (full size) - 0.25 oz Dandelion box o’ powder blush in Baby Pink (full size) - 0.28 oz CORALista box o’ powder blush in Coal Pink (full size) - 0.17 oz Rockateur box o’ powder blush in Rose Gold (full size) - 0.28 oz Hoola matte bronzer (full size) - Natural-bristle brushSuggested Usage: Brighten and bronze: -Contour and define your prettiest features with hoola matte bronzer. -Brush the gorgeous matte shade under you cheekbones and then sweep the dandelion box o’ powder blush over your complexion to look radiantly pretty. Pop-on pretty: -Starting at hairline and working in, sweep hoola or dallas along the cheeks for a sunset-inspired, plum glow. -Then smile and swirl CORALista on the apples of cheeks for a warm, tropical flush. Stand out: -Blend rockateur over your cheekbones for a rose-gold flush that will wow the crowds.
A laidback style is easy with this Levi's® woven shirt featuring a full button placket and button-through chest pockets. regular fit point collar button front short sleeves button-through chest pockets side gussets cotton/polyester washable imported
In gleaming sterling silver, our genuine citrine pendant necklace shows off flirty faceting and a halo of white topaz accents, rendering a contemporary yet feminine look. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: 6mm round genuine citrine Other Stones: Genuine white topaz Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 cable chain Pendant Size: 9x16mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our slim-fit, tapered-leg jeans feature 3x1 crosshatch denim for an authentic look and feel. They have a felled inseam for comfort and signature deco stitch and authentic branding on the interior and exterior of the jeans. slim fit sits below the waist zip fly flat front 5-pocket styling tapered leg hemmed cotton washable imported
You'll drop all your other tops for the refreshing look of our drop-shoulder high-low version. 27 front, 27½ back polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
A dozen droplets of color combine in this striking earring and necklace set.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Red crystals Earring Back: Post Earring Dimensions: .4x.4 Necklace Closure: Lobster clasp Necklace Dimensions: 17 cable chain plus 2 extender   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Put a little more sparkle in your day with this two-pair set of cubic zirconia stud earrings.Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: Cubic zirconiaSetting: ProngBacks: FrictionDimensions: .16x.16 wide and .23x.23 wideJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You'll be set for shorts season with our weekend-ready cargo bermudas. button-and-zip closure 2 front and 2 back patch pockets 1 side cargo pockets drawstring hem 11 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our loose-fit crochet sleeve peasant top will be a pretty addition to your everyday essentials. scoopneck long sleeves 29 inseam lined polyester machine wash, line dry imported
There will be no question who your favorite automaker is in our soft tee.  crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
These relaxed, loose-fitting athletic shorts are made with innovative Dri-FIT fabric that wicks perspiration for all-day comfort.●    elastic waist with drawcord closure●    mid rise●    2 side pockets●    11 inseam●    polyester●    washable●    imported    
Reinventing the classic 90's street look, our basketball shoes from adidas lets you tear up the court in style. technology Ortholite® foam insole wicks away moisture construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up textile lining padded tongue and collar perforated underlays offer breathability color blocked rubber cupsole with a translucent rear detail
Hit the greens in our argyle jacquard polo, featuring moisture-wicking DriFlux fabric to keep you cool and dry and a SunFlux50 design to protect your skin from the sun's harmful rays. 3-button front polo with spread collar short sleeves bottom side vents DriFlux fabric for moisture absorption and control for cooler, drier comfort SunFlux50 protects your skin from the sun's harmful rays regular fit polyester washable imported
Get maximum comfort and support, in our sports bra from Ambrielle. full coverage adjustable comfort straps hidden underwire breathable spacer cups give support moisture wicking fabric nylon/spandex washable imported
Add thirst-quenching fun to any occasion with this frozen drink maker that makes marvelous margaritas, delicious daiquiris and sweet slushes. patented dual swivel system pulverizes and shaves ice dispenses consistently smooth frozen drinks insulated container holds up to 128 ounces of your favorite frozen beverage blending chamber detaches from base for easy cleanup convenient cord storage Plastic. Measures 11.8x11.2x20.5H. Hand wash. Imported.
When comfort and safety are what you're looking for, these work shoes are sure to fit the bill with their durable leather design, steel toe and easy lace-up style. technology oil-, water-, heat- and abrasion-resistant upper steel toe construction leather upper slip-resistant rubber sole details nylon mesh lining molded EVA sockliner lace up
He'll love wearing our tee, featuring a cool graphic print made from jersey fabric for a comfy casual style. crewneck short sleeves jersey red, white: 100% cotton heather gray: cotton/polyester washable imported
This deep navy blue keeps nails moody but never gloomy.   time-released pigments keep color rich 3-step OPI system creates staying power and stain-free removal made in America How to use: Apply one coat of the advanced primer for staying power and stain-free removal. Apply thin coats of Infinite Shine color and wait two minutes after second coat. Finish with gloss top coat.JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Brighten up your fashion universe with this space-dyed scarf woven with metallic threads. 28x68 + 5 fringe rayon/metallic dry clean imported
Spice up your meal setting with these festive mugs and their charming striped design inspired by the colors of Mexico. durable earthenware construction glazed finish microwave safe each has a 20-ounce capacity set of 4 Earthenware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
With a stretch-knit fabric and on-trend print, our Alyx maxi skirt is sure to be an instant favorite.●    40½ length●    polyester/spandex●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
Life has enough burdens already – don't make getting to yoga class with all of your stuff another one! This large yoga bag features a sturdy zipper closure and breathable mesh accents so you'll never juggle an arm full of towels, water and yoga mats again.   mesh accents allow bag to breathe zippered closure comfortable, adjustable shoulder strap accommodates a standard ¼ yoga mat Nylon. Imported.
Durability and style come together in these socks by Gold Toe featuring a reinforced toe and a contemporary design. reinforced toe for durability comfort toe seams contemporary styling cotton/nylon/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13, fits shoe sizes 6- 12 1/2
Our twill shorts are summer-ready and perfect for the beach with three faux horn buttons and plenty of pocket storage. button and zipper closure mid rise 5 belt loops flat front with 2 pockets 2 hook-and-loop back pockets approx. 3 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our Xersion trainer t-shirt has quick drying qualities that make it a real treat for workouts, sports or active lifestyles. crewneck short sleeves Quick Dri wicking fabric polyester washable imported
Take the effort out of looking good with this pre-tied bow tie from Van Heusen. 100% silk spot clean imported
Make relaxation your destination in this easy-going, 100% cotton tee from No Bad Days. sport fit crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Cutting-edge glamour. Relentless beauty. This sensuous autumn mulberry nail polish is the very essence of style and the epitome of chic. chip-resistant formula free of DBP, toluene and formaldehyde Made in America. How to use: Apply a thin layer of base coat followed by two coats of polish. Add a layer of special effects top coat for a sparkling finish. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Celebrate that special nurse with this white leather strap watch. The dial is adorned with a stethoscope and nurse hat. Packaged in a box for easy gift giving. Made in America.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: White leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 38.1mm Case Thickness: 3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 10 long; 16mm wide Model No.: U-0620013 Special Features: Scratch-resistant glass   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring a THERMOLITE® fabric that keeps you warm and comfortable, these waterproof boots are perfect for wet or cold weather. synthetic upper approx. 9¾ shaft lace up fleece lining rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
Keep your hanging clothes neat and wrinkle free. This dress-length carry-on garment bag keeps your garments securely on the hangers during travel so they're fresh and ready to wear when you arrive. water resistant lightweight easy-carry fastening handles WallyLock® secures hangers at the top holds up to 6 or more garments full-length center zipper 2 pockets for shoes and accessories polyester 22x3x40H; weighs 2 pounds imported
These strappy sandals come in a wide palette of colors and have an open toe to show off that pretty pedi. synthetic upper 1 wedge heel open toe ankle strap latex comfort footbed metallic accents back zipper entry thermoplastic-rubber sole
The bold allover medallion print on this quilt set is inspired by the cast-iron railings found in historic Charleston, South Carolina. The deep blue pattern makes a beautiful statement and will become the focal point of your bedroom. cotton quilt and shams with polyester fill washable queen quilt: 90x90 king quilt: 108x90 imported 3-piece queen or king set includes: quilt 2 shams Queen set includes standard shams. King set includes king shams.
Our moveable Tapout tee is a comfortable and stylish addition to any wardrobe.  crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
She'll be ready-to-go in a hurry with this cute outfit set that includes a cotton top featuring an all-over floral print with bow and coordinated jeans for a complete look.   top: button-front closure, grosgrain bow, short sleeves jeans: no-pinch elastic waist top: 100% cotton jeans: cotton/elastane washable imported
Our moisture-wicking tank top is the perfect addition to your sporty wardrobe, featuring a flirty racerback design and a lightweight material to help you power through even the toughest of workouts. roundneck moisture-wicking fabric polyester washable imported
This comforable, long-sleeve polo from IZOD is sure to ace any style pop quiz. rib-knit collar and cuffs 4-button placket cotton/polyester washable imported
Cut straight through the legs with a long, lean look, these slim straight jeans gives you classic Levi's style with a modern fit.   sits below waist button and zipper closures 5-pocket styling straight leg, 15¾ opening slim fit bowman lake: cotton/polyester all other colors: cotton/elastane washable imported 
A slim, flattering fit and chic finish will make our roll-cuff skinny ankle jeans a weekend staple.   front fly with shank button and zipper closure front slant pockets; back patch pockets misses: cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex petite & petite short: cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 27½ inseam petite: 25½ inseam petite short: 23½ inseam
Get your beard in line with this daily wash regime. This foaming wash gently cleanses the beard as well as your skin without stripping away vital oils so your beard and skin retains the moisture they need. includes a slight fragrance gentle enough to be used as a full body wash for daily use free of sulfates and parabens Made in America.   How to use: Use a nickel-sized amount and work into lather on beard. Rinse.   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Add some sassy sparkle to your glammed up look with our sleeveless sequin sheath dress. v-neck sleeveless v-back with zipper 36 length from shoulder sequin lined polyester hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Rejuvenate your bath with a splash of colorful big dots.   lightweight and waterproof chloride-free makes it a great alternative to traditional shower curtains PEVA vinyl. Measures 70x72L. Wipe clean with damp cloth. Imported.
Cutout detail at the yoke gives our Alfred Dunner short-sleeve top the look you want. crewneck approx. 23¼-25¼ length cotton/polyester machine wash, line dry imported
For a cool, laidback look that never goes out of style, nothing beats a soft, cotton-rich graphic tee with a touch of stretch from Levi's. crewneck short sleeves jersey knit construction cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported
Feel confident in the classic, comfortable fit of our straight-fit khakis.  straight fit Individual Fit waistband zip-and-button closure 2 front pockets and 2 back pockets flat front grey/heather/black stripe: cotton/polyester navy/steelhead: 100% cotton black plaid, Pembroke: cotton/elastane washable made in America
This ultra-chic, super comfortable bra by Playtex provides a sensationally sleek look under your knits and tees.   back smoothing design eliminates back bulge seamless, breathable lining in back and cups soft fabrics against the skin for a silky smooth feel polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #4803 Hanes Brands Inc. is making a $100,000 combined donation to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation to help move closer to a world without breast cancer.
Give an look a seamless finish and strike a stunningly alluring figure in our shaping half-slip with built-in brief for the extra support you need. built-in brief tummy control panel flat seams medium support nylon washable imported
Detailed with subtle accents, this free-flowing necklace drapes you in three long chains, connecting together at the top to create a lovely layered look.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Acrylic beads Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 36½ long oval link chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Satisfy your need for speed in these Climalite basketball shorts with iconic, three-striped legs.   athletic fit sits at or below the waist elastic waist with drawcord brief polyester washable imported
Tiny shiny rivets outline the black crystal-like detailing in these wedge sandals that will look sharp for a night out or an important meeting. synthetic upper 2½ heel rubber sole
Get the coverage and sweat-wicking performance you need—from the pitch to the gym—in these mesh training shorts from Nike. Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry and cool gradient graphic is sublimated for increased breathability gripper elastic waist with drawcord zippered side pockets 8 inseam polyester washable imported
Get better fit and breathability with these soft, cotton blend crew socks from Stafford. cotton rich fabric for breathability spandex for superior fit cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12
Make playtime easy and comfortable with this great set featuring the Disney character, Tramp. includes short-sleeve body suit and overalls snap closure bottom adjustable straps 2 side pockets  100% cotton washable imported
Slim, sexy and good-looking, you'll love making an entrance with Levi's® figure-flattering bootcut jeans.   rests on hips slim through hip and thigh bootcut leg with 19 opening 8⅝ front rise 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure cotton/spandex northpeak: cotton/polyester/viscose/elastane washable imported
The vibrant colors in this multi-stone ring add bold sophistication while the brass band brings subtle shine to this unique piece. Metal: Brass Stones: Color-enhanced quartz and genuine sponge coral Gallery Height: 9mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Rev up your rocker-chic wardrobe with the addition of this cuff bracelet in gold-tone metal with pave crystals.Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: CrystalsDimensions: 6½ long circumferenceJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
    Slim-fit, flat-front suit pants in handsome gray basketweave make these pants ideal for wear with or without the matching jacket.   slim fit 2 front slash pockets zip front with hook-and-eye closure flat front polyester/rayon dry clean only imported  
Peace of mind when you travel can come in small doses, such as this wrinkle-free oxford dress shirt. wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering button-down collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked cotton/polyester for comfort and durability washable imported
Step up your sophisticated style in our timeless flats by Liz Claiborne, boasting metal hardware on a round toe.   synthetic upper rubber sole
With a classic, sophisticated silhouette, our wool-blend walking coat will keep you warm and comfortable every day of the week. 39½ length from shoulder solids: wool/polyester/other fibers plaid: polyester/acrylic/other fibers/wool dry clean only                    imported
A comfortable, casual polo shirt made for FR compliance. Believe it. The iQ Series Polo shirts are available in both short and long sleeve variations, so you can enjoy the lightweight, moisture-wicking material all year round. Underarm gussets allow you to reach, without your shirt coming untucked, while hidden ribbing in the cuffs keeps long sleeves in place. The zipper placket gives these shirts a contemporary and stylish look with CAT2 and 2112 labels easily visible on the sleeve. flame resistant zipper front placket chest pocket with pencil stall cotton/polyester/polyoxadiazole washable imported
Keep your future MVP nice and warm in these sports-themed socks.   cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Comfortable and cute, you won’t mind scampering around town doing errands in these pointy toed flat sandals. synthetic upper ¼ heel ankle strap buckle entry rubber sole   CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
The eye-catching embellishment on the back pocket of these classic skinny jeans takes casual style to the next level. 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure back pocket embellishments ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Keep your toes warm with your favorite Frozen characters in our no-show socks. package of 5 pairs polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 9-11 fits shoe sizes 4-10
Our flattering skater dress features a medallion and floral lace combo print. piping detail back button keyhole 42 length nylon polyester lining machine wash, line dry imported
Taking traditional design to another level with its turned legs and duo of rich finishes, this dining table is a stunning example of fine craftsmanship.   solid hardwood construction with cherry veneers cherry and antique black finishes corner-block and butt-joint joinery 24 drop leaf extension adjustable glides on legs help prevent surface damage Measures 42Wx42Dx30H without leaf; measures 66Wx42Dx30H with leaf. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Short and flirty, our print pleated flounce skirt is polished enough for the office, pretty enough for date night and downtime. front pleats front pockets polyester washable imported misses: 17 length petite: 16½ length
This fine-gauge cotton sweater provides effortless warmth in your choice of business-savvy colors. crewneck long sleeves argyle chest stripe rib-knit cuffs and hem 100% cotton washable imported
Reach new heights with this sporty watch that's designed for the international traveler in mind with its 24-city world time function, a military 12/24-hour format and hassle-free Eco-Drive technology. Brand: Citizen Dial Color: Blue Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: Push-button deployment Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 44mm Case Thickness: 8.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 23mm wide Model No.: BU2021-51L Special Features: Powered by light sources, with a power reserve, so it never needs a battery change; day/date display; 3 multifunction sub dials; world time for 24 cities; 12/24-hour format; rotating inner ring; spherical crystal Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our sealer rolls lock air out to keep your food fresh, so those leftovers will taste great tomorrow.  includes 3 rolls makes 60 quart-size bags rolls allow for bag size customization 3x8x20' plastic imported
Tackle inclement weather in our nicely neutral Henry Ferrera rain boots. PVC upper lace up 1 heel 7 shaft height 7½ shaft circumference slip resistant PVC outer sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.     
Make this IZOD tee part of your official laidback look this season, teaming it with your favorite shorts for just the right warm-weather attitude.   crewneck cotton washable imported
Our lovely figure-flattering fit-and-flare dress goes vivacious with a bold chevron print. scoopneck sleeveless approx. 35½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex dry clean only imported
You’ll sparkle in sunshine when you step into these fabric-and-crystal sandals with jute-wrapped heels.   textile/synthetic upper crystal embellishments adjustable buckle 3½” heel approx. ½” platform jute-wrapped/molded sole
Boost your basic mode with the ribbed styling and v-neckline on our versatile sweater. rayon/polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Featuring bold Americana-style graphics, this short-sleeve tee is perfect for his warm-weather wardrobe. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
She'll look super-cute in our racerback tank top, featuring colorblocking and screen-printed embellishments with the adidas logo.  crewneck racerback screen print embellishments jersey polyester washable imported
Classic skimmer capris from Gloria Venderbilt will keep your weekends casual and comfortable. classic fit mid rise shank button-and-zip closure 5-pocket styling 16 ½ inseam rinse, whitney: cotton/polyester/spandex denim pink persimmon, aruba aqua, prism white: cotton/spandex washable imported
Get your flower power from these stunning amethyst and pink sapphire earrings.   Metal: Rose-plated sterling silver Stone: 1.3 ctw. round genuine amethyst, 6mm Other Stones: .4 ctw. round genuine sapphires, 1.25 and 1.5mm  Setting: Prong Back: Friction Dimensions: 10.9mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care; ctw. is approximate. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
In our relaxed-fit chino pants, you don’t have to sacrifice style for comfort. 5-pocket styling 25 inseam rolled, 28 inseam unrolled stretch twill cotton/spandex washable imported
Our muscle tank top is fitted with the Asics logo for a cool, athletic look.  crewneck fitted polyester washable imported
The steel telescoping 1 double curtain rod is capped with decorative knob finials. 1 diameter rod with decorative finials, 13/16 diameter back rod telescoping rod will adjust to fit steel rod and brackets; resin finials rod length excludes finials; finial measurement: 3¼x2⅜x2⅜H; allow 3 clearance for rod includes double rod, finials, mounting brackets and hardware imported
These comfortable tricot pants allow ease of movement and feature a stripe down each leg and the Ecko logo on the left front thigh. relaxed fit flat front drawstring waist 2 front pockets boot-cut leg polyester washable imported
Start each day with a spring in your step with our must-have rayon from bamboo pillowsole knee-high socks. rayon from bamboo/nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10  
Style takes center stage with our Worthington sweater with bold grommet details and a layered chiffon hem.   crewneck long sleeves approx. 27½ length cotton/rayon chiffon hem: polyester machine wash, dry flat imported  
Beautifully display your December birthstone with these genuine Swiss blue topaz earrings set in 14K yellow gold.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 4mm round genuine Swiss blue topaz Setting: Bezel Back: Post Dimensions: 4mm   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Stay comfy during even the most intense yoga sessions with our sleeveless yoga top. back sweat patch scoopneck sleeveless cotton/Modal® machine wash, dry flat imported
This Speedo swimsuit incorporates lasting Xtra Life LYCRA® fabric, and is ready to own the lane with your competitive swimmer. nylon/LYCRA® machine wash, line dry imported
Use this great, wrinkle-resistant classic tablecloth over and over with its super-durable, timeless construction. ideal for weddings, events and dinners wrinkle resistant indoor and outdoor use seamless, one-piece design polyester washable imported
Hassle-free is the name of the game with these colorful striped indoor/outdoor rugs, designed to take on the elements in style.   mold and mildew resistant reversible for twice the life horizontal braid construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in America ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: None Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Spot clean. Vacuum with hard surface attachment only. Hose off and lay flat to dry. Origin: Made in America  
Our Nike Downshifter 6 shoes are perfect for runners looking for a daily trainer with both cushioning and breathability for all-day comfort and versatility.   technology full-length articulated Phylon midsole provides lightweight cushioning construction mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole enhances traction and durability in key-wear zones details lace up supportive no-sew and leather overlays provide great lockdown and a breathable fit deep flex grooves offer a natural heel-to-toe transition  
With cool comfort and cool styling, our mesh inset Xersion t-shirt gets rave reviews for fitness and fashion. v-neck approx. 27-29 length body: polyester mesh: polyester/spandex washable imported
Let her out to play in our super-soft Puppy Love tee, featuring a glittery screen print that she'll love. crewneck short sleeves approx. 14¼-15¾ length cotton/polyester washable imported 
An essential addition to any home cook’s kitchen, this classic knife set features a timeless design and wide variety of blade styles. superior high-carbon stainless steel blades for precision and accuracy forged, bolstered design for perfect stability and control ergonomically designed hollow handles provide comfort during use 15-piece set includes: 3 bird’s peak paring knife 3½ paring knife 4½ serrated utility knife 7 santoku knife 8 slicing knife 8 chef’s knife six 4½ steak knives shears sharpener wood block Stainless steel knives with a wood block. Hand wash. Imported.
Enjoy superior performance in a men's tee that looks and feels as soft as your everyday favorites. Dri-FIT technology provides moisture management during intense workouts, while the cleverly designed fit leaves a little extra room whenever you need it.   fits like a tee with extra room in the arms and shoulders for maximum movement Dri-FIT fabric wicks away sweat and moves it to the fabric surface where it evaporates crew-neck designed to hold its shape cotton/polyester washable imported
An update of the original, die-hard Lee jeans in soft hand-sanded denim and a more relaxed fit.   premium cotton fabric midweight, hand-sanded denim sits at waist relaxed fit, loose thigh 5-pocket style straight leg, 18 opening cotton (round midnight, faded light, calypso) or cotton/polyester (ink) washable imported  
Give your casual looks a boost with these wedge sandals featuring a slingback design and elastic strap details. synthetic elastic upper 1¼ wedge heel criss-cross strap details slingback design textile/rubber sole
The Cake Boss 9x13 jelly roll pan is ideal for making delicious traditional jelly rolls filled with flavorful jam. It’s also the go-to pan for baking the colored layers for traditional seven-layer cookies, as well as making hazelnut-topped apricot bars and many other treats.   heavy-duty, folded aluminized steel resists corrosion and warping rolled, wire-reinforced rims provide added strength, an easier grip and helps prevent warping long-lasting, nonstick coating and quilted surface resist wear, promote even heat distribution and beautiful browning with superb release oven safe to 450°F Aluminized steel. Hand wash. Imported.  
Strappy and fun, these wedge sandals will add the perfect finishing touch to your warm weather look. synthetic upper 3¾ platform adjustable buckle closure rubber sole
Share this bands set with your best friend. Set makes 10 wide bracelet bands in 4 different patterns. Set includes: 2 color-coded foam looms 10 colors of floss seed beads beading needle easy-to-follow instructions meets ASTM F963 ages 8 and up WARNING-CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years. imported
What it is:Ole Henriksen’s Roll On Acne Clearing Solution is a powerful spot treatment specially designed to combat stubborn acne and prevent future breakouts.What it is formulated to do:This amazingly potent, non-irritating blemish fighter rapidly clears breakouts. - Also effectively kills bacteria that breed future breakouts as it unclogs pores and absorbs excess oil - The therapeutic formula calms and nurtures the skin, reducing redness and irritationWhat it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Phthalates Size0.34 oz
A timeworn look against a muted background gives this square rug an antiqued style that brings sophistication to your space. power-loomed construction durable, polypropylene crafted in Turkey ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly; spot clean; professional cleaning recommended. Origin: Imported
Pull out all the stops for your next night out with our Claire pumps featuring a flirty cut and ultra-high heel.   polyurethane upper 3⅞ heel texon sole
A touch of pink brings a delicate balance to these heavy-duty work boots fashioned in supple leather. technology oil- and heat-resistant sole construction leather upper synthetic sole details lace up 6 shaft height removable orthotic insert Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
This soft horse will easily gallop its way into the playtime posse and your little one's heart. 33.5 long for ages 3+ polyester/metal/plastic spot clean imported
What it is:A relaxing body lotion created to spread warmth as tangy ginger embraces your body and nourishing oils surround skin in softness. What it is formulated to do:This ultra-creamy body lotion sends a relaxing sensation all over you as pungent ginger embraces your body and skin-nourishing olive oil, grape seed oil, rice bran oil, and apricot kernel oil invisibly surround weary, dreary skin in softness. All the while, the citrusy-crisp scent of lush, lighthearted lemon, lime, and bergamot lifts listless spirits. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Phthalates Suggested Usage:-Massage over clean, damp skin after bath or shower.Size:6.7 ozIngredients: -Ginger: A powerful anti-irritant and antioxidant that helps decrease oxidative stress and inhibit harmful free radicals that cause skin damage and aging. -Bergamot: Soothes the mind and body. -Lemon Oil: A purifier and aromatic essential oil containing antioxidant properties that kick-starts the exfoliation process and dispels fatigue. -Lime: An excellent source of free citric acid, natural sugar, vitamin C, calcium, and phosphorus.
Our comfy cotton button-front shirt features a chest pocket and regular fit for a classic look.  button front short sleeves chest pocket regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
There's nothing quite as luxurious as the comfort of our Liz Claiborne t-shirt. v-neck long sleeve approx. 30 length Modal®/polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Our Dory mini plush from the Disney Collection is ready to be your little one's new favorite playtime toy. soft premium plush with detailed sculpting embroidered features polyester hand wash imported
  Looking for a set of cookie cutters that will take care of all of your yearly needs like birthdays, holidays, school and many more?  This is the set for you!  With 101 cutters in so many popular shapes, you’ll have everything you need for year-round baking. average size is 3½ x 3½ x ¼” cutters come in a 12 x 10 x 6” box includes recipes for cookies and bake-art dough constructed of plastic in assorted colors imported 
Create an elegant sanctuary in any room with this beautifully designed window curtain panel. intricate floral damask pattern use alone or layer with Blakely sheers, sold separately 3 rod pocket Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Look and feel your very best in our straight-leg stretch ankle pants. zip fly with hook-and-bar closure front and back pockets 27 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Stunning bronze and silver accents give this tumbler a classic look that fits your style. resin wipe clean 5x3x3 imported
Specially designed to give you deep-down support and a balanced temperature throughout the night, this firm mattress set creates an ideal sleep environment. Custom Support® classic 520 innerspring system quilted topper features Cool Balance® fabric for temperature control Fireblocker® fiber layer adds fire resistance Pillo-Fill® layer helps maintain airflow 1 PillowSoft™ foam layer adds extra comfort insulator pad provides additional temperature regulation ½ Cool Twist™ gel memory foam layer keeps the mattress cool 1 support foam layer adds extra support and firmness StabLBase® double-beam frame provides superior stability Cover is polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring/foundation. Foundation measures 8¾H; mattress set measures 19¼H when stacked. Split Queen, King and Cal. King mattress sets feature 2-piece side-by-side foundations for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x74½x10½H; 288 coil count Twin XL: 38x79½x10½H; 312 coil count Full: 53x74½x10½H; 408 coil count Queen: 60x79½x10½H; 520 coil count King: 76x79½x10½H; 650 coil count Cal. King: 72x83½x10½H; 616 coil count
Dance in the warm breeze in our sleeveless fit-and-flare dress, featuring a flowy handkerchief-hem and an adorable front keyhole. halterneck with keyhole sleeveless back zip 39 length from shoulder polyester lining polyester/spandex washable imported
Look fine and feel refined in our golf performance polo, featuring StayScreen sun protection to block the sun's damaging UV rays and StayDri moisture management that works to keep you cool and dry.  3-button front polo with spread collar short sleeves bottom side vents StayScreen blocks the sun's damaging UV rays StayDri moisture management that works to keep you cool and dry regular fit polyester washable imported
Step into fresh style with the classic cut of a ballet flat and an adorable crocheted, floral upper with a bow.   polyurethane upper crochet detail and bow low heel thermoplastic rubber sole
Slide this luxurious grommet-top sheer panel easily onto the decorative rod of your choice for an impressive new view.   grommet-top heading creates a sophisticated, contemporary look unlined panel has eight grommets 3 bottom hem; 1 side hem Sold individually. Polyester. Spot clean. Imported.  
Our burnout boyfriend t-shirt has that comfy-casual feel you love with a modern burnout fabric. crewneck short sleeves approx. 25-26 length cotton/polyester washable imported
This stay-put tank top banishes bulge with top-secret tummy taming and anchors to pants for a ride-free fit.      super-slimming control tames the tummy and eliminates muffin top wide tank straps keeps bra straps covered stays in place with no-slip fabrication under hem wear as a layering piece or on top to be seen nylon/spandex/elastane body and lining spandex/elastane/nylon waist lining, exclusive of trim machine wash, dry flat imported manufacturer's style #1847
Pair your favorite top and accessories with our versatile bootcut jeans to create the perfect day-to-night look. 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported short: 29¾ inseam regular: 32¾ inseam long: 34¾ inseam
The vibrant floral print on our seamed fit-and-flare dress is sure to turn heads when you walk in the door. jewelneck sleeveless back zip 35⅜ length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
This beautiful decorative pillow gives your bedding an update with its modern medallion embroidery. vibrant aqua blue and green colors coordinating accessories sold separately 18x18 cotton; polyester fill spot clean imported
Ramp up the comfort with these Therma-FIT fleece pants from Nike, which wick away moisture while helping to keep you warm and insulated.   Therma-FIT fabric wicks away moisture to help keep you warm and dry sits just below the waist elastic waist with drawcord straight leg two side seam pockets open bottom with stretch drawcord polyester washable imported  
Our briefs are designed from the ground up for a comfortable fit, even under the highest performance. includes 4 mid-rise briefs air flow helps prevent you from overheating keeps you cool and dry all day long-lasting breathability moisture-wicking fabric ultra soft flex waistband tagless midrise fit cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Kicky fun with a colorful attitude makes our boat shoes a neutral hit with any outfit.   100% cotton upper slip on flocked TPR outsole
Beef up your everyday tee with this pocketed cotton heavyweight, great for layering or wearing it alone.   generous fit - we recommend ordering one size smaller combed cotton heavier fabric for durability preshrunk for lasting fit wide variety of colors tag free cotton washable imported
These shorts outshine all your others. flat front slim fit button and zip closures 6 pockets 21 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Chic and stylish, the Colette Chair has a sleek, curvy design that will add elegance to any are of your home. The microfiber upholstery is accented by colored wooden legs. The ultra plush seat and back adds long-lasting comfort to the piece. hardwood frame flush joint joinery CA firefoam cushion fill polyester microfiber spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned 27.95x28.3x35.4H with an 18.5 seat height, 20.5 seat depth and 35.4 seat back height some assembly required,  screwdriver needed imported
This glorious comforter set began as a painting and was manipulated to become this perfect work of art for your bed. With its ocean tones and contrasting accent colors, this set will bring tranquility and peace into your bedroom. cool blue watercolor print and contrasting colors 300-thread count cotton sateen 2-piece Twin set includes: comforter sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: comforter 2 shams Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton sham(s). Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 68x90; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20
Take comfort in our print woven soft pants, a pulled-together option for your weekend. elastic waistband with drawcord faux fly flat front 100% rayon machine wash, line dry imported misses: 30½ inseam petites: 29 inseam
With a full-grain leather upper, padded collar and comfortable sock lining, these oxfords are a timeless addition to your wardrobe. leather upper lace up 1 heel removable EVA sock lining rubber sole
Keep it casual while keeping on-trend in these paisley-print cotton shorts from Ecko Unlimited. sits at waist front slant pockets back button-through welt pockets 11 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our yoke dress has a loose fit with a defined waist, with a neck cutout and crochet applique to catch the eye. scoopneck with tie sleeveless front crochet applique elastic waist 36½ length from shoulder fully lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Twisting, ribbon-like silver-tone metal creates these beautiful hypoallergenic hoop earrings.  Metal: Silver-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: 1.5x1.5  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Simply elegant with an easy-read dial, this watch goes seamlessly from day into night. An easy-to-wear expansion strap stretches to fit most wrists.   Brand: Timex      Dial Color: White Strap: Gold-tone stainless steel Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 35mm Case Thickness: 8mm Model No.: T204719J Special Features: Date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Van Heusen long-sleeve dress shirt gives you a modern slim fit with wrinkle resistant fabric that will keep you looking your best. grant button-down collar long sleeves slim fit wrinkle free cotton/polyester washable imported
Put your best foot forward for work and play with our cap-sleeve dress featuring a coordinating belt.   cap sleeves belt included 37 length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Our short-sleeve stripe top may become a star in your wardrobe with fun diverging stripes and a banded bottom. ●    scoopneck●    short sleeves●    26 length●    rayon/spandex●    machine wash, line dry●    imported  
true As advanced, as it is practical, the timeless design of this built-in dishwasher blends seamlessly with your family's needs with its 4 cycles to ensure the cleanest dishes with three full-coverage wash arms, a Clean Cycle Progress indicator, and automatic temperature control. ENERGY STAR® qualified front control panel with 9 electronic touchpads for easy-to-use, easy-to-clean surface 56 dBA fits up to 12-place setting capacity racking upper rack is tiered and features two utility shelves with stem safe deluxe lower rack has curved, single loop tines to allow for easy loading and unloading in-rack silverware basket holds silverware and utensils securely in the bottom rack for easy cleaning 3 spray arms deliver complete cleaning coverage  
Change up your office look by introducing our wide-leg pleated culottes to your wardrobe. elastic-back waist 17½ inseam polyester washable imported
What it is:A conditioning, non-aerosol mousse that creates a light golden glow in just one hour, a medium tan in two hours, and a deep bronze shade after three hours. What it is formulated to do:This revolutionary fast-acting mousse with bronze control technology allows you to pick your desired shade of tanensuring easy application and a flawless finish every time. Great for use on the face and body, the odorless formula deliver a golden glow in as little as one hour, a medium shade tan in two, and a deeper, darker bronze shade after just three hours. What it is formulated without:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is fragrance-free.Suggested Usage:-Exfoliate and moisturize thoroughly prior to application.-Apply to the body in circular motions using the James Read Tanning Mitt, working in sections. -Ensure the product has been applied all over; leave feet and hands until last using what remains on the mitt. -Wait until skin is touch dry before dressing and avoid contact with water for at least 60 minutes. -Suitable for use on face and body. -For optimal results, moisturize daily and exfoliate regularly to ensure an even tone. Precautions:-A patch test is recommended at least 24 hours prior to use. -If there are any adverse reactions, discontinue to use. -Do not apply to broken, irritated, or sensitive skin. -Stop using if your skin becomes irritated. -Wash palms thoroughly immediately after use if not using a tanning mitt. -Self-tanner may stain, so take care not to get it on furnishings, fabric, paintwork, or light hair. -Avoid getting it into your eyes; if you do, simply rinse thoroughly with water. -Avoid contact with lips. -For external use only. -Sun safety warning: this product does not contain a sunscreen and does not protect against sunburn. Repeated exposure of unprotected skin while tanning may increase the risk of skin aging, skin cancer and other harmful effects to the skin even if you do not burn. Size:6.7 ozIngredients:​ -Witch Hazel Extract and Cucumber Extract: Tone the skin. -Pomegranate Extract, Horse Chestnut Extract, and Vitamin E: Act as tan accelerators. Water, Dihydroxyacetone, Propylene Glycol, Glycerin, Ethoxydiglycol, Aloe Barbadensis (Aloe Vera Leaf Juice) , Sodium C14-16 Olefin Sulfonate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Benzoate, Erythrulose, Tocopherol (Vitamin E), Retinyl Palmitate (Vitamin A), Ubiquinone (CQ10), Camellia Sinensis (Green Tea Extract), CI 16035,CI 19140, CI42090.
What it is:A complete kit featuring essential products for creating a flawless complexion.What it does:Prep skin, erase imperfections, and set your flawless look with these three highly effective AmazingConcealer products. Anti Aging Face Primer works as a moisturizer and primer in one. Its lightweight gel-silk formula is less greasy than most primers and uses the plant botanical Cassia Angustifolia to lock in moisture for 24 hours. Award-winning AmazingConcealer has 3.5 times more pigment than traditional concealers and is simple to apply. The water-resistant formula features a natural finish that never leaves behind tell-tale signs of makeup. Finish your look with Powder Set, a soft-focus translucent setting powder that complements the waterproof nature of the AmazingConcealer and sets your makeup for all-day wear.This set contains:- 0.2 oz Amazing Concealer- 0.4 oz Anti Aging Face Primer- 0.32 oz Velvet Mineral Powder Set- Cosmetic bag- Concealer brush Suggested Usage:Flawless Concealer:-Dot, blend, and repeat as needed to erase dark circles, broken capillaries, blemishes, uneven skintone, redness, and more.
Try this creamy formula shampoo to enhance silkiness and restore vibrancy to your hair. With natural moisturizing ingredients, it also delivers protection from environmental hazards while improving elasticity. delivers shine enhances manageability reduces breakage protects hair color free of paraben, sulfate and gluten Made in America. How to use: Apply to wet hair and lather. Rinse. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to four of any one item, up to a maximum of six items, per customer, per month.  
Bright colors and a fit-and-flare design make our high-low floral dress a must-have for spring and summer. v-neck back zipper lined 35½ length from shoulder polyester hand wash, line dry imported
What it is:A complexion protector that combines the hydrating and nourishing power of Ultra Repair with high level UVA and UVB protection.What it is formulated to do:Ultra Repair® Pure Mineral Sunscreen Moisturizer SPF 40 is the first FAB product to combine the hydrating and nourishing power of Ultra Repair with high level UVA and UVB protection. Free of skin-irritating chemicals, this noncomedogenic formulation combines physical UV blockers, zinc oxide, and titanium oxide to protect skin from the harmful effects of the sun. Ultra Repair’s signature ingredientcolloidal oatmealalong with butters and oils nourish, hydrate, and soothe skin for an overall healthy complexion. Botanical-rich FAB antioxidant booster combats environmental aggressors that can contribute to pre-mature aging. This nourishing cream has a lightweight, silky texture that quickly absorbs into skin, leaving behind no trace of the white veil often seen with physical blockers. Designed for daily use, it keeps skin protected, hydrated, and soothed wherever your day takes you.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:All products are allergy-tested, free of artificial fragrances, dermatologist-recommended, and safe for even the most sensitive skin.Suggested Usage:-Apply liberally to face 15 minutes before sun exposure.-Reapply after 40 minutes of swimming or sweating. -Reapply immediately after towel drying.-Reapply at least every two hours.Precautions:-Sun protection measures: spending time in the sun increases your risk of skin cancer and early skin aging. To decrease this risk, regularly use a sunscreen with broad spectrum SPF of 15 or higher and other sun protection measures including: limit time in the sun, especially from 10 AM to 2 PM, and wear long-sleeve shirts, pants, hats, and sunglasses. Ingredients​ -Titanium Dioxide and Zinc Oxide: Filter harmful ultra-violet rays and help protect against further photo-aging. -Colloidal Oatmeal: Treats symptoms of eczema and helps to relieve and comfort itchy, scratchy, and dry skin. -Shea Butter: Moisturizes the skin and helps to protect the skin's barrier function. -FAB Antioxidant Booster (Licorice Root, Feverfew, and White Tea): Combats free radicals. Titanium Dioxide , Zinc Oxide, Water, Butyloctyl Salicylate, Cetearyl Alcohol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Steareth-2, Dimethicone, Squalane, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, Alumina, Ceteareth-20, Colloidal Oatmeal, Urea, Allantoin, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Copaifera Officinalis (Balsam Copaiba) Resin, Limnanthes Alba (Meadowfoam) Seed Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Chrysanthemum Parthenium (Feverfew) Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Ceramide NP, Tocopheryl Acetate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Caprylyl Glycol, Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, C13-14 Isoparaffin, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Laureth-7, Methicone, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate, Xanthan Gum, Polyacrylamide, Phenoxyethanol, Disodium EDTA, EDTA.
Combining cottage styling with old-world craftsmanship, this baker’s cabinet gives your dining room the feel of an English countryside—with a touch of Americana.   solid wood construction antique white matte finish finger-joint, tongue-and-grove and English dovetail joinery 4 storage drawers with wood knobs 2 glass doors with 3 fixed shelves behind each large top cubby Measures 64Wx18Dx68H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
What it is: A three-in-one formula for cleansing of the face, body, and hair. What it is formulated to do: This multitasking formula gently cleanses the body and face, and cleans hair without drying. Research results: In a use test on 60 volunteers, after 5 days of use: - 90% found it gently cleanses the skin - 90% found skin feels soft and smooth after application - 93% found it gently cleanses the face - 73% found face does not feel tight after use - 95% found it cleanses the hair without damaging it Suggested Usage: -Apply to the face, body and hair. -Rinse after use. Precautions: -Avoid contact with eyes. In the event of contact with eyes, rinse with clean water Size:6.76 ozIngredients:-Calendula Extract: Soothes and softens. -Glycerin: Maintains the skin's moisture levels and helps hydrate. -HydroSenn+™: Forms a protective barrier on the skin's surface that is able to harness and retain water for optimal moisture Water, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Glycerin, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Sodium Chloride, Decyl Glucoside, Coco-Glucoside, Glyceryl Oleate, Fragrance, Sodium Benzoate, Citric Acid, Polyquaternium-7, Potassium Sorbate, Allantoin, PEG-150 Pentaerythrityl Tetrastearate, PEG-6 Caprylic/Capric Glycerides, Linalool, Limonene, Amyl Cinnamal, Sodium Hydroxide, Calendula Officinalis Flower Extract, Cassia Angustifolia Seed Polysaccharide, Phenoxyethanol, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Hydrogenated Palm Glycerides Citrate, Tocopherol, Sorbic Acid.
Cute and comfortable, these flip flops will perfectly finish off your look thanks to the metallic accents and slight heel.   technology   latex comfort footbed   construction   leather upper rubber sole   details   1 sliver wedge heel adjustable buckle closure metallic accents
The Lux Sateen dress shirt from Van Heusen brings fresh color and easy-care convenience to your favorite suits and sport coats. wrinkle free big and tall fit spread collar with permanent stays button front French placket left chest pocket long sleeves adjustable button cuffs shirttail hem cotton/polyester washable imported
When you're ready to stand out, wear these red stone earrings catch admiring glances.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Acrylic beads Back: Wire Dimensions: 1x2.2 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Feel comfortable and confident in our super-soft, stretch-knit twill pants, featuring a stretchy waistband perfect for your growing baby bump. bootcut leg stretchy belly panel 2 front slash pockets 32 inseam twill knit cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Make a key addition to your Star Wars collection with this heathered tee, featuring a retro, art deco print. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Embrace your earthy side with our tie-dyed and embellished summer dress from Studio 1. v-neck sleeveless 40 length from shoulder polyester lined hand wash, line dry imported
Men's 10K gold wedding band is slightly wider and sleekly designed with a low-dome shape, reflecting your great sense of style.   Metal: 10K yellow gold Width: 6mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.    
Part athletic, part leisure, these women’s slip-on shoes from the Clarks Collection are a must-have style this season. synthetic upper 1½ heel soft fabric lining OrthoLite footbed super lightweight shock-absorbing outsoles EVA outsole
Add flowers and personalization to your Harmony nursery with reusable decals!      includes four sheets  vinyl  mported
  Take your love of the deep woods into the city with these men’s casual shoes featuring authentic Realtree™ camouflage patterns. A durable rubber sole and mesh overlay make this shoe as rugged as your favorite hunting gear.   synthetic rubber upper lace-up Realtree™ camo pattern rubber sole
Lightweight and breezy, this cotton button-front shirt has an easy fit and a stylish drape. button-down collar left chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Keep your feet safe in our rugged steel-toe work boots, so you can finish any job you start. technology•    steel toe for protection•    FILA die-cut EVA footbed for comfortconstruction•    synthetic upper•    slip-resistant rubber soledetails•    durable upper•    lace up
She’ll have a fabulous day with this brightly colored watch strapped to her wrist.   Brand: Timex      Dial Color: Watch Strap: Purple fabric Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 29mm Case Thickness: 9.4mm Model No.: T890229J Special Features: Date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Fully padded from top to bottom, this generously proportioned leather roll-arm loveseat lets you kick back and relax while furnishing your space with updated style.   kiln-dried wood frame connected with two 16-gauge cords tempered steel spring system cushions filled with Dacron® foam wood feet easy-to-use power reclining mechanism Steamboat is a 100% top-grain, corrected leather hide with a super-soft feel. This premium leather’s two-tone effect provides a handsome base for subtle pattern and tonal variation. The leather is everywhere you sit and matching vinyl accents are on the backs and sides of the furniture. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Made in America. Measures 65Wx41Dx40H overall with a 19 seat height, 23 seat depth and 17 seat back height. All colors are Custom Order with the exception of Steamboat Driftwood. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.
Your little girl will be ready for beach or poolside fun with our 2-pc. swim set, featuring a tankini and swim bottoms with bow details. includes tankini and swim bottoms nylon/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Showcasing a gorgeous floral pattern in a classic blue-and-white color palette, this mug lets you enjoy your favorite beverage with refined charm.   durable stoneware construction textured rim 14-ounce capacity microwave safe Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
The force is strong but the cute is stronger on this Star Wars-themed graphic tee, featuring pint-sized depictions of your favorite characters. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Simple in design yet complex in meaning, this ring is a true declaration of your love. Three very special diamonds—one big, two small—sit atop smooth, polished white gold shanks for a lifetime of sparkle.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K white gold Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a 1/7 ct. center stone Color: I-J Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 24mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This soft cotton towel set is a pretty accent for your kitchen. It includes two colored ombre-patterned towels and a printed towel for a lovely, coordinated look. 2 colored ombre-patterned towels; 1 printed towel cotton washable 20x16 imported
Keep it classic on and off the court with these hi-top basketball shoes.   technology drop-in lunar midsole construction leather/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up
These climacool mesh boxer briefs are the ideal blend of performance and comfort, with a streamlined fit to complement your body's movement. fabric combines soft finish with moisture-wicking management mesh panels for ventilation double-lined support pouch no ride-up leg construction non-chafing stitching tag free polyester/spandex washable imported
Fashioned from flexible stretch denim, our original-fit jeans sit above your waist, with tapered legs that visually lengthen your vertical silhouette.   zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 31½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Always be prepared for that last-minute meeting with this front-clasp portfolio. It is crafted out of soft black faux leather and comes with a convenient front cover pocket. The compartmentalized interior includes, 6 USB loops, 4 card pockets, a file pocket, a pen loop and a 20-page ruled writing tablet. It makes a perfect corporate gift, and is ideal for travel and business meetings. front-clasp closure contemporary design 6 USB loops 4 card pockets file pocket pen loop 20-page ruled writing tablet faux leather wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 12¼x9½x½ imported
Bold floral designs are showcased on this Axminster-inspired rug to give your home a touch of timeless style. easy-care fabric power-loomed construction durable polypropylene crafted in Turkey ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean. Professional cleaning recommended. Origin: Imported  
What it is: A pro-quality, contouring, highlighting, and strobing brush that lets you enhance your best features. What it does: Sculpt, slim, and create a glowing look with this brush, featuring ergonomic design and fluffy fan bristles to expertly chisel cheekbones and let the contours of the face stand out. This double-ended tool features a small, compact brush to target, shade, and highlight targeted areas on the nose, undereye, top of cheeks and browbones, while the fan brush blends over any harsh lines. Its flat, triangular surface blends along precise angles of the face to keep your contour intact for enhanced dimension, while the full, synthetic bristles work across a range of cream and powder formulas. Use it with the coordinating tarteist™ contour palette (sold separately) to create a professional-looking contoured look.Suggested Usage: -Use the step-by-step visual guide with coordinating, numbered shades so you can drop 5 lbs in 5 minutes™ by simply painting by numbers.
These versatile pants are perfect for school and any other time jeans just won't do.   wrinkle no more fabric adjustable waist belt loops zip fly with hook and bar closure front slash pocket cotton/polyester twill washable imported
This body composition scale measures up to six key health metrics and features an extra wide platform to allow for a wider, more natural stance.  A large back-light display makes reading measurements easy.   plastic and glass measures up to 400 pounds (180 kg) in 0.2 pound (0.1 kg) increments measures body fat (%), body water (%), muscle mass (%), bone mass (lb/kg), basal metabolic rate (Kcal) large, back-light display instant-on technology display hold feature automatic shut-off feature tempered safety glass platform 4 AAA Batteries included 14¼x9½x1H imported
You'll appreciate the ease and extra warmth this wrap provides. It will be something you'll want to carry with you everywhere just in case. acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
Tonal jacquard striping adds texture to this colorful, moisture-wicking polo from IZOD. flat knit collar 3-button placket left chest logo print polyester washable imported
Our golf polo is made from moisture-wicking fabric to keep you cool and dry and features side slits and a three-button half placket with a spread collar for a casual sporty look.  3-button half placket with spread collar short sleeves side slits regular fit cotton/polyester washable imported
Get more performance out of swimwear with these Nike trunks, featuring brushed microfiber fabric that sheds water and built-in mesh briefs for comfort. elastic waist with interior drawstring side pockets  built-in mesh briefs brushed microfiber fabric polyester washable imported 
Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: Cubic zirconiaBacking: PostDimensions: 5mm, 5mm and 10.5x9mm longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Embellished with a border pattern in soft lavender, this Euro pillow is a beautiful addition to your bed. ½ decorative flange removable cover measures 26x26 Sold individually. Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
This climacool muscle tee is the ideal blend of performance and comfort, with a streamlined fit to complement your body's movement. climacool paneled zones for ventilation non-chafing stitching banded collar tag free polyester washable imported
You'll love taking a retro style and turning it modern in this chic dot-patterned sheath dress. bateau neckline 33.25 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash cold; line dry imported
You are sure to fall in love with our fringed layering piece. The hi-low hem with crocheted details will give a boost to your daytime basics or elevate your evening attire. hi-low hem 3/4 sleeves rayon/linen dry clean only imported
Our pretty embroidery print dress features flattering details like spaghetti straps and an A-line fit that you will love.  halter neck sleeveless back button closure 31 length from back lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Keep moving with our Xersion Capri leggings and their thoughtful design for longer, more comfortable workouts. mid rise key pocket no-chafe seams quick dri fabric 19½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Skinny with stretch means you get the sleek look you want without sacrificing comfort. That’s what these Arizona cords are all about. sits low on waist extra slim fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling skinny leg hemmed 98% cotton/2% spandex washable imported
A graphic tee from Puma is your go-to for the season with the iconic logo in a breathable jersey knit.  crewneck short sleeves jersey polyester/cotton washable imported
Heavy-duty construction ensures that our umbrella base will stay put even in the windiest conditions. powder-coated steel construction concrete base with tightening mechanism zinc-plated finish locking bolts included 16.5x16.5x14H wipe clean additional outdoor furniture sold separately imported
Inspired by renowned French artists, these mugs feature colorful flowers in the style of watercolor paintings.   durable porcelain construction easy-grip handles each has a 12-ounce capacity microwave safe set of 4 Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Our New Balance 659 walking shoes show off a range of cushioning and stability features for a comfortable, reliable footing for any activity.   technology ABZORB® technology for shock absorption C-CAP® midsole provides cushioning Stability Web™ for midfoot support N-Durance® rubber outsole construction suede/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up
Take your love of Mickey and give it a sophisticated touch with this glitzy gold-tone watch. A white graphic dial contrasts nicely against black hands and markers, while the multilink bracelet gives this timepiece a hint of elegance that dresses up your look.   Brand: Disney Dial Color: White Bracelet: Gold-tone stainless steel Clasp: Fold-over clasp Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 30mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long, 18mm wide Model No.: W000477 Special Features: Japanese quartz movement, alloy case, gold-tone bracelet, 3ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The Rock by Starfrit 8 nonstick fry pan goes through a unique manufacturing process that uses small metal pellet impact technology to modify the surface to form an ultra-durable rock-like finish. The result is an outstanding release performance that's 3 times better than traditional nonstick cookware. forged aluminum construction for optimal heat distribution and even cooking Rock.Tec surface enhancement creates a rock-like finish that's 50% harder and 40% more resistant to abrasion than traditional nonstick coatings guaranteed never to warp   extra-thick forged aluminum base resists scratches and abrasion stainless steel handle oven proof to 450ºF aluminum/stainless steel dishwasher safe imported
Wrap your wrist in nature with our eye-catching leaf cuff bracelet antiqued with eye-catching aqua enamel. Metal: Silver-tone metalMaterials: Aqua enamelClosure: HingeDimensions: 2½ circumference Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Proceeding with caution will be the furthest thing from your mind in our wildly destructed skinny jeans. 5-pocket styling 31 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
This stretch bracelet gives you a feel of the beach with its blue-speckled stones and cream and peachy beads. Wear it to the beach or as a reminder of your last trip to the shore. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Beads Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This faux-fur vest adds cuddly warmth and rockstar style to any casual look. lapel collar polyester dry clean only imported
Deviled eggs are a holiday party staple. Display yours in this charming tree-shaped egg tray featuring a design of cardinals and mistletoe.   durable ceramic construction classic red-and-green color scheme holds up to 10 eggs Ceramic. Measures 12x10L. Hand wash. Imported.
Featuring a weather-resistant full-grain leather upper with speed-lacing closure, these handsome boots are lightweight and comfortable. technology Sealtex® waterproof bootie keeps moisture out construction leather upper rubber sole details lace up rigid heel counter removable footbed
This stylishly stitched portfolio is designed with simplicity and functionality. It is constructed of faux leather outside and protective PVC inside. An inside file pocket, a ruled writing tablet, an elastic pen loop and 2 card slots will keep all contents inside organized. It makes a perfect corporate gift, and is ideal for travel and business meetings. folder portfolio classic design inside file pocket elastic pen loop 2 card slots ruled writing tablet faux leather with PVC interior wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 12½x10x½ imported
Say “forever” with the classic styling of this 6.5mm wedding band crafted of polished cobalt. Designed with a rounded comfort fit interior that slides on easily and avoids pinching. Made in America Metal: Gray cobalt Dimensions: 2.2mm thick, 6.5mm wide Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The KHE Park Two is a perfect bike for those who are looking for their first freestyle bike. This bike is easy to upgrade as well. Featuring Hi-Ten steel frame and fork, 2.35 MVP tires, 165 mm Three piece crank, the Park Hi-Ten handlebar and much more. This bicycle also features the revolutionary new Affix Gyro System.   Frame/Fork: Hi-Ten steel frame and fork with 19 TT and tapered fork  Wheels/Tires: 20 MVP 2.35 tires, sealed 36H cassette rear hub and 36H 3/8 front axle hub   Drivetrain: 3 pc. 165 mm CrMo crank, US bottom bracket       Brakes/Cockpit: Topload stem, Park Hi-Ten bar, MVP Fat seat/seat post combo  Extras: Affix Gyro System Dimensions: 57x28x38 Assembly Required: Yes, tools included Care: Wipe clean Country of Origin: Imported  
Our racerback tank top features a cool NASA graphic print for the perfect warm-weather look. ●    scoopneck●    racerback●    27¾ length●    polyester/rayon●    washable●    imported  
A modern fit for a modern woman makes our Worthington ankle pants an easy choice. slim fit 2 front pockets and 2 faux back pockets 27 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
With its open collar and hearty knit design, this sweater is a great pick for simple warmth this season. mockneck 4-button placket long sleeves acrylic/wool hand wash, dry flat imported
Enjoy the utmost elegance from this set of wine glasses finished with a pinstriped design.   each glass has a 9-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
What it is:A travel-size mascara and a lash primer for dramatic volume and soft, silky lashes in one simple first prep.What it does:Flaunt a carpet-ready stare with this duo, formulated to dramatically increase lash volume. Powered by naturally-derived lash volumizing and conditioning agents and tarte’s innovative 360° magniLASH brush, this primer preps, volumizes, lengthens, separates, curls, and conditions lashes. Then define lashes with the included, bestselling deluxe-size lights, camera, lashes™ 4-in-1 mascara for a bright-eyed look.This set contains:- 0.24 oz Opening act lash primer- 0.10 oz Lights, camera, lashes 4-in-1 mascara (deluxe size)What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is ophthalmologist-tested. Suggested Usage:-Apply primer before mascara, wedging 360° magniLASH brush at the base of lashes and combing upward to the tip.-For the perfect grand finale, finish with two coats of included deluxe lights, camera, lashes™ 4-in-1 mascara.Ingredients:-Cellulose: A plant-derived thickening agent.-Carnauba Wax: An emollient from the leaves of the carnauba palm to ensure a smooth application.-Olive esters: Help to condition and protect lashes.Water, Ethylene/VA Copolymer, Cera Alba/Beeswax/Cire D’abeille, Cera Carnauba/Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/Cire De Carnauba, Hydrogenated Olive Oil Stearyl Esters, Nylon-12, Palmitic Acid, Glyceryl Stearate SE, Stearic Acid, Triethanolamine, Hydrated Silica, Silica, Phenoxyethanol, Dimethicone, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Ethylhexylglycerin.
Our laundry sorter features three sections for easy clothes sorting and folds for easy space-saving storage. 3-section sorter bag folds away for easy storage heavy-duty wheels included steel/canvas clean with a damp cloth 34x19x30H easy assembly imported
Go glam or take it casual -- this faux calf hair belt tightens up any look with chic style.   leather/bonded leather/polyurethane faux calf hair skinny width imported
The Union DSS-718B 700 Series Snare Stand has super-solid, double-braced tripod legs, large-diameter tubing, memory locks and large rubber feet. This snare stand is basket style with a large turning wheel and large protective basket grips.   metal alloy double-braced tripod legs sturdy and solid 24x5x4H imported
Give your bedroom's décor an update with our bedding set, which features an ombre stripe print in shades of blue. The comforter fully reverses to a solid blue, so you can change the look of your room with a simple flip. The decorative pillow and sheet set coordinate with the comforter to complete the look. blue ombre stripe print that reverses to a solid blue comforter: polyester with polyester fill sham, bedskirt and sheet set: polyester twin: 66x86 full: 76x86 queen: 88x92 king: 101x92 washable imported 6-piece twin set includes: 1 comforter 1 sham 1 bedskirt with 14 drop 1 flat sheet 1 fitted sheet 1 pillowcase 8-piece full, queen and king sets include: 1 comforter 2 shams 1 bedskirt with 14 drop 1 flat sheet 1 fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin, full and queen sets include standard shams. King set includes king shams.
Elegantly placed in a 10K white gold setting, this glitzy pendant necklace features a center diamond that moves when you move, surrounded by a double dose of stationary diamonds. Unique hinged setting allows the center stone to pivot within its frame, creating the effect of dancing light. The slightest movement brings these vibrant diamonds to life.   Metal: 10K white gold Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 rope chain   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Embrace your wild side and bring the feeling of the open road to your bedroom with our Harley complete bedding set. Harley print polyester with polyester fill washable twin: comforter is 66x86 twin xl: comforter is 66x92 full: comforter is 76x86 queen: comforter is 88x92 king: comforter is 101x92 imported 5-pc. twin and twin xl set includes: 1 comforter 1 sham 1 flat sheet 1 fitted sheet 1 pillowcase 7-pc. full, queen and king set includes: 1 comforter 2 shams 1 flat sheet 1 fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin, twin xl, full and queen sets include standard sham(s) and pillowcase(s). King set includes king shams and pillowcases.
He can step up his style with a versatile IZOD shirt and tie set.   coordinating clip-on tie (may vary slightly) long-sleeve shirt with chest pocket cotton/polyester shirt; polyester tie washable shirt; dry clean tie imported Known issue: Due to factory error, these Husky sizes were marked as Regular. Please refer to the product hangtag for the correct sizing.
The bold tank shape of this silver-tone metal link watch is the perfect commanding accent any man's look needs.  Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: Silver-tone sunrayStrap: Silver-tone metal linkClasp: FoldoverMovement: QuartzWater Resistance:Case Width: 33mmCase Thickness: 7mmBracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 21mm wideModel No.: 53078   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
What it is:A full brightening regimen including two cleansers, a serum, and the radiance brush head, to be used with any Clarisonic facial cleansing device.What it is formulated to do:Unlock your brightest complexion ever. Gently and effectively treat and control dark spots and uneven skintone for a more radiant and youthful complexion with Sonic Radiance from Clarisonic. Clinically proven to significantly reduce dark spots, dark spot intensity, and overall pigmentation when used with your Clarisonic facial cleansing device, the kit includes all the essentials for clear, smooth skin. The radiance brush head gently yet effectively cleans skin, AM Skin Illuminating Cleanser brightens and removes impurities, PM Skin Renewing Peel Wash supports natural cell turnover, and Brightening Activator Serum fades and combats dark spots, age spots, and acne-induced discoloration while providing intense hydration.This set contains:- Radiance Brush Head- 3.4 oz Sonic Radiance™ Brightening Solution Skin Illuminating Cleanser- 3.4 oz Sonic Radiance™ Brightening Solution Skin Renewing Peel Wash- 0.98 oz Sonic Radiance™ Brightening Solution Brightening Activator SerumWhat it is formulated WITHOUT:- ParabensResearch results:When products are used with a Clarisonic facial cleansing device:- 37% improved skin texture immediately- 2.5 times greater skin clarity and increased radiance compared to manual treatment after 1 week- 10 times greater improvement of hyperpigmentation compared to manual treatment after 2 weeks Suggested Usage:Cleanse and treat:-Every morning, cleanse with the Skin Illuminating Cleanser and a Clarisonic cleansing device with radiance brush head to help transform dull, uneven skin into a more radiant complexion.-Treat your complexion with the Brightening Activator Serum immediately after sonically cleansing for dramatically more radiant and even skintone.Peel and treat:-Nightly, cleanse with the Skin Renewing Peel Wash and a Clarisonic cleansing device with radiance brush head to exfoliate and support natural skin cell turnover to help with dark spots for a smoother, brighter complexion.-Treat your complexion with the Brightening Activator Serum immediately after sonically cleansing for dramatically more radiant and even skintone.Precautions:Sonic Radiance™ Brightening Solution Skin Renewing Peel Wash:-Sunburn Alert: This product contains an alpha hydroxy acid (AHA) that may increaseyour skin's sensitivity to the sun and particularly the possibility of sunburn. Use a sunscreen, wear protective clothing, and limit sun exposure while using this product and for a week afterwards. Ingredients​ Sonic Radiance™ Brightening Solution Skin Illuminating Cleanser:-Licorice Root Extract: Promotes an even skin tone.Water, Sodium Cocoyl Glycinate, Coco-Betaine, Glycerin, Sodium Chloride, Triethanolamine, Ci 77891 / Titanium Dioxide,Acrylates / C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer, Phenoxyethanol,Sodium Benzoate, Peg-14m, Glycol Distearate, Parfum /Fragrance, Salicylic Acid, Chlorphenesin, Polyquaternium-39, Limonene, Geraniol, Ginkgo Biloba Extract / Ginkgo BilobaLeaf Extract, Linalool, Mentha Piperita Extract / Peppermint LeafExtract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra Extract / Licorice Root Extract, (F.I.L. D164934/1).Sonic Radiance™ Brightening Solution Skin Renewing Peel Wash:-LHA 0.2%: A proprietary acid that supports natural cell renewal while being gentle on the skin.-Glycolic Acid 3.5%: Deeply penetrates skin to improve texture, boost moisture, and fade dark spots.Water, Coco-Betaine, Propylene Glycol, Peg-120 Methyl Glucose Dioleate, Sorbitol, Glycerin, Glycolic Acid, Triethanolamine, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Sodium Chloride, Disteareth-100 Ipdi, Parfum / Fragrance, Salicylic Acid, Capryloyl Salicylic Acid, Disodium Edta, Limonene, Steareth-100, Geraniol, Linalool, (F.I.L. D164935/1).Sonic Radiance™ Brightening Solution Brightening Activator Serum:-Ellagic Acid 0.5%: A brightening ingredient that helps prevent discoloration.Water, Glycerin, Isocetyl Stearate, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Butylene Glycol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Polyacrylamide, Ellagic Acid, Phenoxyethanol, Phenylethyl Resorcinol, Cetyl Alcohol, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Stearic Acid, Palmitic Acid, Chlorphenesin, Peg-100 Stearate, Glyceryl Stearate, Caprylyl Glycol, Xanthan Gum, Laureth-7, Disodium Edta, Sodium Hexametaphosphate, Ascorbyl Glucoside, Poloxamer 184, Lactic Acid, Sodium Hydroxide, (F.I.L. D164940/1).
A wide waistband lends alluring visual proportion to our super-soft, cropped knit leggings, complete with a slimming panel. 29 inseam rayon/nylon machine wash, dry flat imported
Our colorblock woven jacket with ombré taping trim on the sleeves will be your first choice for lightweight coverage on the go. front zip closure two side pockets approx. 23 - 24¼ center back length twill polyester washable imported
Our denim shorts feature a cutoff bottom hem for a distressed look and peekaboo print pockets for a super-cute take on a classic look. button fly closure 5-pocket styling 2½-3½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
When the game heats up, little athletes stay cool and confident in these moisture-wicking mesh shorts from Nike. Dri-FIT open hole mesh fabric elastic waist lightweight polyester lining polyester washable imported
Thanks to the Dri-FIT technology of our slim-fit cropped pants, you can stay dry and comfortable during all your workouts.●    mid rise●    adjustable waistband●    Dri-FIT technology wicks away sweat●    18 inseam●    polyester/spandex●    machine wash, line dry●    imported  
Slip these sandals on with anything for on-the-go comfort and style. polyurethane upper EVA sole imported
Pair up our fine line pants with his favorite IZOD shirt and jacket for an instant grown-up style.   zip front with hook/eye closure 2 side and 2 back pockets polyester/rayon/wool washable imported
With our wanna betta butt specially designed contour seams, these shorts help you achieve a flattering, firmer look. ●    triple-button wide waistband●    cuffed●    cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
These kitchen rugs offer inspiring words in decor-friendly patterns.   saxony pile cut helps to hide foot prints and vacuum lines heat-set construction for long-lasting color slip-resistant back printed copnstruction highly durable nylon crafted in America ¼ pile height; ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes  Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes  Rug Pad Recommended: No Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable Origin: Made in America  
Promise her unending love with this ring featuring three stones that represent the past, present and future. With fiery brilliance, it’s detailed with pavé-set stones surrounded by tiny-bead milgrain and an eye-catching scroll design along the sides.   Metal: 10K white gold Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a 1/10 ct. round center stone Color: H-I Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong and pavé Dimensions: 20.1x3.2mm Gallery Height: 2mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
You'll love our super cute denim shorts with a rolled hem for an added touch of style. double button closure lowrise curvy fit 5 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Something blue and something sparkly for your blushing bride. Glittering diamonds pair beautifully with blue sapphires on this sophisticated milgrain wedding band. Inside lies a lab-created blue sapphire to serve as her something blue.   Metal: Platinaire® (a blend of sterling silver and 5% platinum) Stones: 1/8 ct. t.w. round diamonds Other Stones: .048 ctw. genuine blue round sapphire, lab-created blue sapphire accent  Color: I-J  Clarity: I2 Setting: Pave Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Totally Bamboo serving board features a Kona groove that surrounds the border of the board for a textured grip. grooved border 18x12.5x0.62H bamboo hand wash imported
These charming curtain panels coordinate with the Sanibel comforter set and accessories from Croscill Classics.   rod-pocket styling lined or an enhanced weight and feel tiebacks are included Measures 84x84L. Panels are sold as a 2-pack; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Shirr on up to a 2½ decorative rod or pole. Coordinating valance is sold separately. Linen/cotton with polyester lining. Dry clean. Imported.
Our top features an allover print with a black contrast neckline and armholes for a sleek warm-weather look.  roundneck sleeveless 23 5/8-25¼ length polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
The unique patchwork design on our sleeveless fit-and-flare dress is sure to get you noticed. crewneck sleeveless 33½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable made in America
Gold Toe socks with reinforced toe and heel for long-lasting comfort and durability.   full cushion foot bed for comfort stay-in-place heel reinforced toe for durability premium cotton for softness cotton/stretch nylon washable imported regular: sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12½
Sleek and modern, this men's wheat bracelet makes a resounding statement of good taste with a shimmering cz in two-tone stainless steel. Metal: Stainless steel and rose-tone ionic plating (IP) Stones: Cubic zirconia Closure: Foldover Dimensions: 6mm wide; 8¼ long wheat chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Cocoon yourself in the oversized silhouette of our mixed media poncho with faux-leather trim and find the perfect cozy companion for all your adventures. 29¾ length polyester/rayon/spandex body polyurethane faux-leather trim polyester backing hand wash, line dry imported
The Tradewinds comforter set will give your bedroom a fresh, bold new look. This 7-piece set makes it easier than ever to create the bedroom of your dreams.   dramatic, sophisticated blend of red, khaki and brown embellished with piping for rich texture polyoni top with gorgeous sheen; reverses to solid microfiber 7-piece comforter set includes: pieced comforter 2 pieced pillow shams with vertical piping solid polyoni bedskirt has 15 drop; fits footboard 16 square accent pillow pieced with red and khaki triangles and piping 18 square khaki accent pillow embroidered with red vines 20x12 oblong accent pillow pieced with vertical bands and piping Queen set has standard shams; king set has king shams. Polyester with polyester fill. Washable, except accent pillows are spot clean. Imported. Queen comforter: 90x90 King comforter: 104x92
Colorful back pocket embroidery transforms casual style from everyday drab to must-have fab. adjustable button hole with elastic waist zip fly with snap button closure 5-pocket styling embroidered back pockets ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Give them something to talk about in our fabulous crepe top with a round medallion necklace, front pleats and open flutter sleeves. high-low hem polyester machine wash, line dry imported
With an inviting coastal theme and maritime colors, these mugs let you take a trip to the seaside without ever leaving the comfort of your own home. durable earthenware construction glazed finish microwave safe each has a 20-ounce capacity set of 4 Earthenware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
A loose and flowy feel makes this top and its corresponding necklace one you'll love to wear to the office or on a night out. sleeveless polyester machine wash, line dry imported
A fun screen print and comfortable feel make our Ocean Current tee a must. crewneck short sleeves black: cotton/polyester red and yellow: 100% cotton washable imported
Hit your stride in our comfortable elastic-waist tricot shorts.   4 inseam polyester washable imported  
Whether you are having a hot cup of Joe or some herbal tea, this perfectly sized mug is a must-have in your kitchen cabinets. bright, bold and tonal hues 15-oz. capacity microwave, oven and freezer safe ceramic stoneware 4.125x4.125x4H dishwasher safe made in America
Our dolman tee is a casual-wear top with detailed style, featuring a boatneck and shoulder pleats.  boatneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Sail away to dreamland every night with this coastal-themed duvet cover set. beach-inspired seashell and starfish print in blue brushed twill background in white reverses to yarn-dyed stripe in blue and white striped bedskirt in blue and white 2-piece Twin sets include: duvet cover sham 3-piece Full/Queen and King sets include: duvet cover 2 shams Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King sets include king shams. Cotton duvet cover and sham(s). Washable. Imported. Twin: duvet cover is 68x90; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: duvet cover is 90x90; shams are 26x20 King: duvet cover is 106x90; shams are 36x20
This 4-piece pajama set, featuring fun allover printed graphics, will be fun for bedtime mix-and-matching and cozy slumber. includes 2 short-sleeve tops and 2 pants ribbed neckline no-pinch elastic waistband 100% cotton washable imported For child’s safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Hang curtains and sheers on this double curtain rod. It's a lovely way to frame your window and add a bit of style. ⅝ diameter outer rod with decorative finials; ⅝ diameter inner rod telescoping rod accommodates your window width rod length excludes finials; add 2⅝ to each end for finials; allow 3 clearance for rod includes rods, mounting brackets and hardware steel rods and brackets; resin finials imported
Featuring a back cutout and a fun and flowy style, our sleeveless swing dress is perfect for those beautiful sunny days. roundneck approx. 37½-38¾ length from shoulder polyester/rayon washable imported
Worn with heels or sandals, our knit maxi skirt will take you from day to night with ease. 33¾ length elastic waist rayon/spandex washable imported
Little feet will look cuter than ever—and stay warm and cozy—in these precious bunny slippers from Carter's. 3D ears embroidered face 3D tail faux fur lining synthetic wipe clean with damp cloth imported
Featuring unadorned details with clean lines and a versatile finish, this bench revitalizes any room with uncomplicated style.   hardwood and engineered wood construction smooth white finish butt-joint joinery cream vinyl cushioned seat slightly flared legs Measures 17Wx15Dx19H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.
A blue romper from Lady and the Tramp features sweet appliqué and a handsome collar.  three-button placket snap closures cotton/polyester washable imported
For those late-night feedings, this quiet recliner is a luxury you'll appreciate. With sleek, modern clean lines and curved, smooth arms, this chair fully reclines at the push of a button and simply closes back with an additional button push.   PVC free PerformaBlend process combines ground-up leather particles on the back side of the fabric to add strength fabric remains cool on the surface, even after being sat in for long periods of time French seaming on the back, seat and arms plugs into wall with power cord heavy-duty all-steel mechanism rocker base 35x31.25x39.25H partially assembled; instructions included hardwood frame; polyurethane cover spot clean with baby wipes made in America 
This cleaner’s rotating brushes groom carpet fibers from all sides to lift away dirt and grime, so you can deep-clean carpets and upholstery any time it’s needed. spinscrub multiple rotating brush system heated cleaning system with removable rotating brushes for quick-rinse cleaning fingertip clean surge function for spot and heavy traffic areas 2 separate translucent tanks for clean solution and dirty water  powered hand tool for cleaning stairs and upholstery includes 16-ounce carpet/upholstery detergent cleaning solution AC current plastic 11.3x20x44H; 20 pounds assembly required imported
Our leggings feature a wide elastic waistband for a comfortable fit and bright colors that will look great paired with tunics or worn to the gym.  wide elastic waistband 27 inseam jersey cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Luxurious softness and lots of color options help these drawstring scrub pants add an extra dose of fit and fashion to your workday.   ArcLux Technology, this super soft fabric pampers you junior fit drawstring front elastic back   2 front pockets  cell phone pocket 2 back pockets inseam: regular is 31½, tall is 33½, petite is 29½, plus is 31¼ polyester/rayon washable imported
For easygoing comfort and style, our pull-on capris are the perfect pick from work to weekend. mid rise straight leg flat front back elastic front slash pockets 21 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Look sharp in our button-front shirt, featuring a pointed collar and slim fit.  button front with pointed collar long sleeves slim fit cotton/polyester/lycra washable imported
Keep their precious heads warm with these cute, super-soft hats. white and navy colors allover sporty print pack of 3 rolled cuff 100% cotton washable imported
With lots of pockets and a convenient pull-on style, these plaid cargo shorts are the perfect staple for warm-weather looks. elastic waist with faux drawstring 2 front pockets 2 cargo pockets 2 faux back pockets faux fly 100% cotton washable imported
Get better fit and breathability with these soft, cotton blend crew socks from Stafford. cotton rich fabric for breathability spandex for superior fit cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12  
Classic style with a sporty attitude makes our St. John's Bay camp shirt a quick favorite.   collar long sleeves button front approx. 29 length 100% cotton washable imported
A bright, funky belt sets off our chic chiffon dress for an it-girl look you can't get enough of. 34 length from shoulder tucks at neckline pebble georgette polyester polyester lining machine wash, line dry imported
Our sleeveless sharkbite dress in printed lace will make you look and feel pretty for any occasion. scoopneck sleeveless 36-42 length from shoulder lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported  
Rearfoot cushioning and a rugged sole make this men’s ASICS® Venture 5 the ideal running shoe for a variety of terrains. technology rearfoot gel cushioning system attenuates shock and allows for a smooth transition to midstance construction nylon mesh upper with reinforced overlay ASICS High Abrasion Rubber sole for durability in every terrain
Make it easy to accessorize with this set of earrings and necklaces in a variety of styles to suit your mood or outfit. Set includes three necklaces and three pairs of earrings.   Metal: Gold- and silver-tone metal Stones: Acrylic stones and simulated pearls Earring Back: Friction Necklace Closure: Lobster clasp Necklace Dimensions: 18 long chain with 3 extender   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Five-pocket jeans from Gloria Vanderbilt have a built-in tummy panel for an always flattering, classic fit. tummy panel flat front classic fit tapered leg with 15 opening 11¼ rise button-and-zip closure 5-pocket styling cotton/spandex ticking stripe antique: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 26½ inseam 
Accent any window in your home gracefully with this curtain rod that adds classic style. 5/8 diameter rod with decorative finials telescoping design allows for easy adjustment rod length excludes finials; add 2.4 to each end for finials allow 3.6 clearance for rod Steel rod with resin finials. Imported.
Weekends call for classic, casual denim in the most comfortable pull-on style.   elastic waist relaxed fit cotton/spandex washable imported misses': 30 inseam misses' short: 27½ inseam
Fire and ice. The fiery colors of a gorgeous opal meet its match in the icy sparkle of white sapphires on this beautiful ring.    Metal: Sterling silver Stone: 7mm lab-created cushion-cut opal Other Stones: Lab-created round white sapphires Setting: Prong Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our dobby-textured woven top with an oversized floral graphic will add a polished touch to weekend outfits. front and back yokes exposed back zipper with grosgrain taping trim round neckline cotton washable imported
He'll be slingin' webs and stopping baddies in no time with our plush Spider-Man backpack. top loop adjustable straps 1 zip pocket polyester 8x2.5x19H wipe clean imported
Our Liz Claiborne hipster swim bottoms give you a fresh, new approach to fun in the sun.   lined nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
Superheroes unite for bold pool-time style with these easy-care swim trunks, boasting a relaxed fit and Batman vs. Superman print. relaxed fit UPF 50 mesh-lined brief elastic waist with faux drawstring polyester washable imported
A dazzling display of your faith, this sterling silver statement ring is as beautiful as it is meaningful. 1/10 ct. t.w. diamonds add something special to your every ensemble.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 1/10 ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I3 Setting: Prong Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Bedtime gets the royal treatment with these snug-fitting Disney Princess pajamas. includes short-sleeve tee and long pants pants: elastic waist 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Add an extra layer of delicate, girly charm to any laidback look with this beautiful kimono, featuring sweet lace detailing and a fun fringe hem. 3/4 sleeves fringe hem nylon hand wash, line dry imported
With choices of bottoms, this pajama set will make her feel extra comfy every night. includes flutter-sleeve shirt, pants and shorts screen-print graphics no-pinch elastic waistbands polyester washable imported   Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Our Bermuda shorts are comfy, preppy and cute—featuring a reversible belt to finish her warm-weather look. includes belt zip fly with hook-and-eye closure 2 front and 2 back pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring a distinctive fabric and luxurious padding for extra comfort, this bench adds sophisticated extra seating to your living room, den or at the end of your bed.   solid hardwood frame flush-joint and finger-joint joinery cushion filled with upholstery foam turned ball legs 275-pound weight capacity Upholstery is cotton. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 40Wx20Dx17H. Imported.
Our flowy cami shirt is a frolicsome piece that features a print patchwork fabric and necklace to complete the look. v-neck sleeveless 28 length rayon Hand wash, line dry imported
Our water resistant men's sandal from New Balnce pampers your feet with a plush footbed and added arch support. technology Heel wedge and arch support for additional cushioning construction synthetic PU upper with LYCRA liner lightweight EVA outsole details adjustable upper with hook and loop closure
Comfort's built right into our stretch twill cargo capris from Lee, designed with a knit waistband and roll hem. relaxed fit mid rise knit waistband button-and-zip fly front and back pockets side cargo pockets cotton/spandex washable imported misses: 23 inseam unrolled; 21 rolled petite: 21 inseam unrolled; 19 rolled
Our dress features a lace-up neck, an elastic waist and a colorful allover print for a boho-chic look. ●    scoopneck●    polyester●    washable●    imported  
A classic jogger styling and flocked logo on the hip give our pajama pants a serious dose of style, with a regular fit and drawstring waist for added comfort. drawstring waist with button fly closure slash pockets sits at waist regular fit cotton/polyester washable imported
Achieve a new personal record with our comfortable performance crew socks, rendered with Quick-Dri® fabric to help wick away moisture.  pack of 3 cushion soles smooth toe seam cotton/polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported
Inspire his mood to always be on the sunny side with help from this color-enhanced yellow diamond ring.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round color-enhanced yellow diamonds Setting: Prong Some diamonds may be treated and require special care
This electric razor tracks the curves of your face with exceptional accuracy and comfort.    Electric Razor: safe on sensitive skin unique floating contouring head 15 length settings from .4mm to .5mm long lasting rechargeable battery 90-minute charge provides 45 minutes of use quick charge for a single use includes cleaning brush and lubricating oil Stainless steel/plastic. Oil blades occasionally. Imported.
With 3 different positions and an easy-to-use design, this adjustable stool gives nursing mothers the comfort they need. 3 positions anti-slip pads on base 14x11.8x8H assembly required MDF wipe clean with damp cloth imported meets CPSC requirements
The Lux Sateen dress shirt from Van Heusen brings fresh color and easy-care convenience to your favorite suits and sport coats. wrinkle free spread collar with permanent stays button front French placket left chest pocket side back pleat long sleeves adjustable button cuffs shirttail hem cotton/polyester washable imported  
Embellished back pockets—with embroidered lace and rhinestones—give our denim jeans a feminine flourish. 5-pocket styling 33 inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
The Euro-Cuisine Automatic Yogurt Maker is reliable, temperature controlled and easily produces yogurt using the freshest ingredients.   creates yogurt without any artificial additives or preservatives automatic shut-off function timer that turns off the unit at the end of the cooking cycle   includes seven 6-ounce glass jars with lids so you can make a different flavor in each makes up to 42-ounces of yogurt clear lid for easy viewing each glass jar has a screw-top lid for easy storage after yogurt is made Plastic. Measures 9½x9½x6H. Dishwasher-safe jars. Imported. 
Sleep well every night in this luxuriously extra-firm mattress that is made to keep your body temperature and alignment supported.•    quilt layer: FireBlocker Fiber, Pillo-Fill®, ½ Serta PillowSoft® Foam, ½ Serta Support Foam•    comfort layers: 1 EverFeel® Triple Effects™ Gel Memory Foam, 2 support foam•    support system: 1008 Duet® Elite individually wrapped coils with Best Edge® Foam Encasement•    strengthens mattress edges reducing roll-off•    helps create a firmer feel for preferred comfort•    provides added support to help body alignment•    ensures an allover stable sleeping surface•    twin xl: 79.5x38x12H; 631 coil count•    full: 74.5x53x12H; 840 coil count•    queen: 79.5x60x12H; 1008 coil count•    split queen: 79.5x60x12H; 1008 coil count•    king: 79.5x76x12H; 1218 coil count•    cal. king: 83.5x72x12H; 1232 coil count•    split cal. king: 83.5x36x12H; 1232 coil count•    made in AmericaIncludes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring also available.You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer.  
Easy care and easy wear, this great-draping plaid shirt makes a great choice for every day of the week. easy care big and tall fit button-down collar with back button button front long sleeves left chest patch pocket box pleat back cotton/polyester washable imported
Pump up the volume on color in this t-shirt from Xersion. regular fit crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
Nothing says glamour quite like glitter and lace, which is why our gorgeous maxi dress is your special occasion solution.   roundneck sleeveless back zipper rhinestone buckle included approx. 56 length from shoulder top: polyester/nylon/spandex bottom and lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
With a curvaceous design and handsome gray block, this knife set lends an elegant aesthetic to your kitchen that’s sure to impress. high-quality stainless steel blades heavy-duty forged construction ergonomically designed handles 8-piece set includes: 2½ peeling knife 4¾ utility knife 6 boning knife 9 bread knife 9 chef’s knife 9 sharpener block Stainless steel blades with wood block. Hand wash. Imported.  
What it is: An all-in-one brush that allows you to press and roll for flawless finish, but does not absorb too much product like a sponge does. What it does: Specifically designed with the finest synthetic fibers, this new Pro Press brush shape helps you provide precision placement to help conceal, accent, and detail. Designed to maximize the benefits of a brush and a sponge, the longer bristles absorb and deposit product while the short, dense bristles help to spread and blend across the face. What else you need to know: This brush is made from hypoallergenic, synthetic, and cruelty-free materials. Suggested Usage: -Apply makeup using a press and roll technique, as you would with a sponge. -Do not buff, swirl, or sweep in order to prevent streaking.
Keep him comfortable all day with our raglan bodysuit, featuring an easy-to-use snap closure. snap button closure 100% cotton washable imported
Enjoy your day at the beach in the comfort of these moisture-wicking microfiber swim trunks from Nike. wrinkle free moisture wicking elastic waist with lace up closure 2 side pockets 1 internal pocket built-in mesh brief side mesh panels 9” inseam polyester washable imported
Love the way you look and feel in our taffeta sheath dress, which features embellishment at the waist and a perfect figure-flattering style. crewneck sleeveless back zip 36 length from shoulder lined polyester/rayon/nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
When mealtime arrives, you need all the help you can get to give baby a comfortable place to eat. The Safety 1st Swing Tray Booster Seat is easy to use and simple to clean, making your life just a bit easier.   1-hand swing tray for easy access smooth, easy-wipe seat removable, dishwasher-safe tray with cup and snack holder 3-level height adjustment 3-point harness built-in adjustable chair straps 8.5x15x13 plastic/rubber fully assembled meets CPSIA/CPSC requirements imported
These charcoal-colored, flat-front suit pants lighten up your look with a resilient fabric that won’t get road-weary. And they’re machine washable, too. crease-resistant and resilient fabric big and tall fit zip fly with button tab and hook-and-eye closure flat front front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets lined to the knee hemmed fabric: wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported
This cap from Nike be the last thing you grab whenever you step out. flat bill polyester machine wash/tumble dry imported
true Sensor cooking controls automatically adjust times and power levels for optimal results. There are 10 cooking levels for boiling, reheating and defrosting. . The extra-large 16 turntable is the ideal size for accommodating oversized dishes. 2.2 cu. ft. capacity 1100 Watts instant on controls for one-touch instant operation control lockout helps prevent accidental activation add 30 seconds of microwave cooking time kitchen timer helps keep you on track
These soft and supportive boxer briefs help keep him comfy throughout the day.   includes 6 boxer briefs no tags for added comfort cotton washable imported
Add a touch of geometric glamour to your room with this chic trellis-patterned rug.   Wear-Dated® fibers are performance tested to meet strict standards of durability and colorfastness saxony cut helps to hide footprints and vacuum lines highly durable nylon crafted in America 0.39 pile height; 0.47 overall thickness measures 5x8' Stain Resistant: YesFade Resistant: NoSlip Resistant: YesRug Backing: LatexFire Retardant: NoRug Pad Needed: NoUse: IndoorRug Construction: Machine-madeCare Instructions: Vacuum regularly. Spot clean spills immediately or professionally clean.Origin: Made in America 
Twill trim structures the collared design of our long-sleeve shirt—the perfect choice to transition to chillier weather.   button front piqué knit cotton/spandex cotton trim washable imported
Get your little bundle of sunshine ready to go in this cute cotton bodysuit with printed slogan.   foil-screen little sunshine print across the chest expandable shoulders short sleeves nickel-free snaps on reinforced panels 100% cotton washable imported  
Our bootcut jeans offer the perks of a slimming tummy panel, no-wrinkle fabric and sleek, slim styling. The bling on the back pockets is an added bonus. bootcut slim fit 33 inseam 5-pocket style cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Nordic Ware® created the Bundt® pan in 1950, and within 10 years, it was the top-selling cake pan in America. This innovative pan makes it incredibly easy to create an impressive dessert.   15-cup capacity for large cake recipes nonstick finish for easy release and cleanup cast aluminum for long-lasting quality Dishwasher safe.
Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Blue epoxy stonesBack: PostDimensions: .5x1.63  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our beautifully hand-cut mosaic plant stand doubles as a vibrant and colorful home decoration, as well as a lovely spot to store your greenery. tonal green colors for versatile accent decor hand-cut mosaic glass tile tabletop sturdy iron metal 4-leg base 14x14x21H wipe clean imported
Metal: 18K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: Lead glass-filled rubiesOther Stones: Diamond accentsBangle Dimensions: 7 longEarring Backs: HingeEarring Dimensions: 19.9x20.7mm  Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Lead glass-filled rubies require special care. Avoid ultrasonic cleaners, extreme heat and household chemicals and detergents to preserve the life of your stone. Wear with care and clean with warm, soapy water to maintain the beauty of the stone.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Wide palazzo legs, a blouson top and retro-inspired bell sleeves lend vintage glamour to our 70s-inspired belted jumpsuit. featured in Oprah Magazine long sleeves v-neck faux leather belt hook-and-eye closure elastic waistband polyester washable imported
Contrasting color accents help your cool-weather looks pop with this soft hoodie from Brooklyn Xpress. regular fit drawstring hood zip front long sleeves split kangaroo pockets polyester washable imported
These adorable sandals feature a trendy strappy look and comfortable molded footbed for a go-anywhere look and feel you'll adore. construction synthetic upper Superflex rubber sole details 1¼ heel Velcro® strap easily adjusts for a perfect fit cushioned molded footbed
Add cozy comfort to your favorite special occasion outfits with our beautiful rosette mesh shrug.   roundneck long sleeves polyester hand wash, line dry imported  
Pair anything with these leggings and be on your way. wide waist cotton/spandex washable imported
Covered sauce pan has high sides and a narrow opening that work together to help control evaporation of liquids.   heavy-gauge bottom provides even heating and prevents sauces from scorching bottom interior is sloped for easy stirring combines the beauty of stainless steel with the superior performance of aluminum polished, stainless steel exterior with satin-finished interior designed with 3 layers to ensure even, consistent heating induction-capable convenient stay-cool handles Stainless steel/aluminum. Oven-, broiler- and dishwasher-safe. Imported.
Featuring gorgeous curves and scrolled accents, this dining set is perfect for enjoying a good meal with friends and family. table has metal and MDF construction with a birch veneer; chairs have metal, particle board and oak construction with an MDF and birch veneer cherry finish on wood; matte pewter and bronze finish on metal each chair has a cushion and 250-pound weight capacity 5-piece set includes: dining table 4 side chairs Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Imported. Table: 45Wx45Dx30H Chairs: 19Wx24Dx40H with a 19 seat height
Telling you a lot more than just the time, this feature-rich sport watch keeps your handsome style up to date. Powered by light sources and adjusted to meet varying lengths in months, it can be counted on for high performance and reliability.   Brand: Seiko Dial Color: Gray Strap: Two-tone stainless steel Water Resistance: 100m Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 12mm wide Model No.: SSC376 Special Features: Powered by light (natural and artificial) for a free and limitless power supply; perpetual calendar keeps the date correct, even through leap years, and adjusts for odd and even months up to 2100; chronograph stopwatch measures up to 60 minutes in ⅕-second increments; split time; 6-month power reserve; 3 multifunction sub dials; luminous hands and markers; sapphire crystal; cabochon crown   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
  These lace-up men's shoes will bring a touch of dress-sense to any casual outfit.   leather upper dual fit system for regular or wide feet polyurethane footbed fabric lining lace-up polyurethane sole
Her friends will be speechless when they see her elegant and pretty lace-to-chiffon dress. roundneck sleeveless back zip closure dress and lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
The look of weathered white-washed wood on this clock makes it look like a treasured find from your great aunt’s attic. plastic off-white, shabby chic finish 1 AA battery required; not included 10ʺ diameter imported
Our Nike Flex running shoes offer lightweight flexibility, midfoot support and plush comfort, making them the ideal trainer for everyday use. technology injected urethane midsole provides enough durability to double as an outsole, reducing weight sandwich mesh in the vamp, tongue and collar enhance breathability construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up midsole/outsole combination reduces weight midfoot webbing support flex grooves provide a smooth, natural and efficient ride  
You may not be ready to side with Captain America or Iron Man in our soft pajama shorts, but at least you'll be ready for a good night's sleep. ●    elastic waistband with drawstring●    logo●    cotton/polyester●    washable●    imported  
  It's a party in your peep toes! These fabric slingback pumps are statement makers that can be dressed up or down for practically any occasion.   man-made textile upper 3 ¾ covered heel platform peep toe pull on with slingback strap rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Bring that air of retro cool confidently to the present in our wide-flare jeans. 2 front and 2 back pockets 33 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
For a modern spin on the iconic basketball style, look no further than our NEO Raleigh basketball shoes from adidas. construction leather/synthetic upper textured rubber sole provides traction and durability details lace up padded collar and tongue for extra comfort classic basketball-inspired silhouette
Add the perfect finishing touch with our drape-front jacket. front body: polyester back body and sleeves: cotton/spandex wipe with damp cloth or sponge imported
Our maxi dress is loaded with bold style and attitude that is perfect for your warm-weather look. jewel embellished neckline sleeveless 52½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Gloria Jeans butter toffee K-Cup packs feature a smooth, creamy taste with a touch of caramel toffee. fits any Keuring single-cup brewing system pre-measured, individually sealed mini brewers make the perfect cup no grinding or filters required 108 K-Cup packs per box  
Featuring a body-hugging design that efficiently controls temperature, this memory foam mattress will provide restful nights for years to come.   2 OptiCool™ gel memory foam layer removes excess body heat 1 OptiSense™ gel memory foam layer conforms to body shape and weight 7 Gel OptiCore™ layer provides a deep level of support Outlast® 2.0 fabric provides superior temperature regulation Cover is 100% polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Includes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring option also available. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin XL: 38x79½x10H Full: 53x74½x10H Queen: 60x79½x10H King: 76x79½x10H Cal. King: 72x83½x10H
Add a cheery flourish to your wall with this unique round mirror that features a delicate flower motif.     flower petal design surrounds round mirror wood trim on mirror iron has patina finish; wood has espresso finish mounting hardware included Mirrored glass/iron/wood. Measures 19 in diameter. Imported.  
Enhance the brilliance of your window with these curtain panels featuring subtle leaf embroidery and trim. elegant white with sage piping trim embroidered leaf tiebacks included rod pocket top treatment Measures 84x84L. Panels are sold as a 2-pack; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Valance sold separately. Cotton. Washable. Imported.
true If you’ve ever wished you had more space in your French door refrigerator to get more organized, your wish has been granted. With 28 cubic feet, you get that extra space. You also get extras like Smart Cooling technology, designed to help keep all that extra food fresher, longer. And with French doors it’s real easy getting food in or out of this refrigerator. ENERGY STAR® qualified automatic ice maker produces 2.5 pounds of ice daily and 2.7 pounds with a boost from the IcePlus™ feature, so you’ll always have ice on hand Smart Cooling system maintains optimal temperature and humidity levels allowing food to stay fresher longer 4 split shelves made of Spill Protector™ tempered glass make storing taller items, access and clean up easier includes 2 humidity crispers and 1 Glide N’ Serve™ bonus drawer for added storage, smooth access and the freshest fruits and vegetables doors are equipped with adjustable bins to accommodate containers of all shapes and sizes pull drawer bottom freezer features 2-tier organization and dividers for easy-to-find frozen food storage 27.9 cu. ft. total capacity LED lighting on ceiling delivers premium illumination alarm alerts you when door is left open sleek design elements such as contoured doors, hidden hinges and a modern finish make it a beautiful addition to any kitchen décor 3-door French door bottom freezer refrigerator has two fresh food doors and one freezer door
Our IZOD shirt features wrinkle-resistant fabric that makes them an easy choice for a casual day at the office. spread collar short sleeves left chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Simply elegant with an easy-read dial, this watch goes seamlessly from day into night. An easy-to-wear expansion strap stretches to fit most wrists.   Brand: Timex      Dial Color:          Strap: Stainless steel Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 35mm Case Thickness: 8mm Model No.: T2P2949J Special Features: Date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our long-sleeve shirt from Dockers is perfect for your relaxed, business-casual look. button-down collar long sleeves chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Enjoy sunny days more with these sunglasses. ideal for oval and round faces gradient lenses 100% UVA protection plastic frames imported
Brand: Simplify Dial Color: Pewter Strap: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 42mm Case Thickness: 10mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8.25 long; 21mm wide Model No.: Sim1802 Special Features: Date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Look and feel sensational in our elbow-sleeve poncho, made of lightweight eyelet cotton for a comfortable style you'll love. squareneck elbow sleeves 25¾ length eyelet cotton/polyester washable imported
Increase your range of motion while making a fashion statement in our Jack Nicklaus performance shorts. StayScreenTM sun protection StayDriTM moisture management technology StayMotionTM motion-closure waistband StayPressTM no-iron performance sits at waist zip-and-button closure 4-pocket styling flat front 10 inseam polyester washable imported
Your little prince can run and play with ease in our comfy and versatile print cargo shorts. zip-fly and button closure adjustable waist 100% cotton twill washable imported
Create delicious slushes anytime with this retro-inspired slush machine. perfect for a variety of frozen drinks convenient countertop design clear mixing chamber tank detaches from base for easy cleanup easy-pour spout and convenient cord storage cup rest catches drips plastic/metal hand wash 9x9.5x18H; 32-ounce capacity imported
Tie-dye abounds in these super-stretchy retro capri-length leggings by Carter's. covered elastic waistband allover print cotton/elastane washable imported
Slide into superior comfort with these cozy acrylic knit slippers, boasting soft, ferpa lining. slide style acrylic upper polyester furpa lining and insole rubber sole hand wash, dry flat imported S (8-9), M (10-11), L (12-13)
These flat-front pants are an essential, tailored from long-wearing gabardine that resists wrinkling, and refreshed in a slim, modern cut. slim fit french fly front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets flat front straight leg wool polyester lining to the knees dry clean imported
This comforter set features a classic damask design with a textured look in gorgeous blue and white. bold baroque damask design in gorgeous blue on white background polyester/cotton comforter with cotton back and polyester fill; polyester/cotton shams; cotton bedskirt with polyester platform washable full comforter: 86x90 queen comforter: 92x96 king comforter: 110x96 imported 4-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full and queen sets include standard shams. King sets include king shams.
Slide into our comfortable, casual loafer for a simple look that will always work. construction synthetic upper rubber sole details moc toe slip on
Our Maidenform Easy Up Waist Nipper will help smooth and shape your tummy and waist while the flexible boning on the side seams and center back will help the waist nipper stay in place. It provides firm control to smooth out your trouble areas.   firm control smooths and shapes tummy and waist targeted control shapes and smooths midsection flexible boning on the side seams and center back keep armet in place nylon/LYCRA® elastane hand wash imported
Feel super-lightweight in these simple slip-on shoes that are made for everyday casual wear. construction breathable polyester mesh upper durable thermoplastic rubber outsole details hassle-free slip-on style
The glass door on this accent table is broken up by a Chippendale-style decoration, adding a stylish complement to any room.   MDF and glass construction unique crackled finish finger-joint and flush-joint joinery door opens to reveal a fixed shelf and ample storage space Measures 19Wx16Dx35H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Imported.
Combining beautiful button tufting with plush upholstery, this round storage ottoman features a lid that lifts off to reveal ample storage space for your belongings. solid wood frame cushion filled with upholstery foam 200-pound weight capacity Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 25Wx25Dx15H. Assembly required. Imported.
With this ultra-soft velvet plush throw, you'll never have to compromise comfort and warmth for style—its cozy, generous size covers it all.   easy-care knitted polyester keeps its plush feel wash after wash comfort and warmth you can enjoy year-round fun printed patterns  Polyester. Measures 50x70. Washable. Imported.  
Our long-sleeve blouse features a gorgeous lace-inset, creating a feminine look that you'll absolutely love. roundneck long sleeves hidden front placket approx. 27⅛-28¾ length polyester washable imported
This revolutionary memory foam mattress topper is infused with cool, rejuvenating gel to provide the ultimate supportive and comfortable sleep experience.    gel absorbs pressure and channels heat away prevents excessive heat build-up  eliminates motion transfer and uncomfortable pressure points  disperses weight evenly  helps rejuvenate tired muscles and eases back pain  Foam. Spot clean. Made in America.  Twin: 74x38x3” Full: 74x53x3” Queen: 79x59x3” King: 79x75x3” Cal. King: 71x83x3” Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
Look elegant and dressed for a special occasion wearing our sleeveless burnout lace dress with a figure-friendly fit-and-flare cut and a pretty drape. bateau neck sleeveless back zipper 37½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Start your day in style with our high-shafted riding boots that add a chic look to any outfit. synthetic upper zip entry and back elastic decorative buckles round toe rubber sole
These booties feature a cute knit cuff that's made for tucking in your favorite skinny jeans and a chunky heel for comfort. synthetic upper 3¼ heel 5½ shaft height 12 shaft circumference rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Performance quarter socks keep your feet comfortable while on the move with targeted cushioning and climacool 360-degree ventilation technology.   arch compression for support climacool technology provides maximum breathability cushioned heel and toe med gray: acrylic/polyester/nylon/natural latex rubber/spandex white onyx: nylon/polyester/spandex/natural latex rubber all others: polyester/cotton/nylon/spandex/natural latex rubber washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12
Our flannel-lined canvas vest from St. John’s Bay has a broken-in comfort that makes it an easy addition to your layering routine. washed for softness zip front with snap storm flap welt hand pockets shell: 100% cotton lining: polyester washable imported
Modern tech style gives our Nike hoodie a look you'll love with taffeta patch overlays and full-zipper, grab-and-go convenience. off-front full-zip approx. 31½ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Update your look with this men's Relic skeleton-dial watch with exposed mechanisms and a sleek jet-black leather strap.   Brand: Relic® Dial Color: Black/Skeleton Bracelet: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Automatic Water Resistance: 165' Case Width: 44mm Case Thickness: 15mm Strap Dimensions: 200mm long, 22mm wide Model No.: ZR77224 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Show off your pride for your favorite baseball team with these comfortable boat shoes featuring the iconic colors of the New York Yankees. technology Ortholite® comfort insole with patented moisture and odor control construction canvas upper rubber sole details lace up 1⅛ heel inner lining log embroidered heel logo supportive heel cup and shank
A timeless classic, this solitaire ring evokes unmistakable meaning—you’re the bride to be. Four prongs hold a single diamond in place, allowing for the maximum amount of light to enter from all sides. The polished yellow gold band reflects the beauty of the stone. Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold Stones: 1 ct. round diamond Color: H-I Clarity: I1 Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 7.25mm Diamond solitaire weights may vary between .01 and .05 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our A2 by Aerosoles sandals put the pop in popular style with a delightful platform wedge that is packed with comfort features.    technology Core Comfort Technology shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern flex soles take pressure off the foot construction ruched canvas/synthetic upper rubber sole details 3¾ heel memory foam footbed adjustable buckle raffia covered heel
These open back slippers feature an embroidered design and a cushioned insole for style and comfort. construction textile upper rubber sole details 1” heel slip-on entry soft lining and cushioned insole rubber sole for great traction on tile and wood floors embroidery detailing on vamp
Energize your wardrobe for work or play with our modish maxi skirt, made with mitered stripes that extend from waist to ankle.  approx. 30¾-32¾ length elastic waistband rayon/spandex washable imported
Show your patriotic style in this multi-star collar necklace made of durable gold-tone metal. Metal: Gold-tone metal Closure: Lobster clasp Dimension: 19 long adjustable cable chainJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
When your workday calls for a heavyweight tee, grab this long-sleeve one from Dickies and enjoy industrial-strength comfort from the brand you trust.   chest pocket tagless back neck taped neck and shoulder seams cotton washable imported
Show off your strong faith with our cross stainless steel bracelet. Metal: Stainless steelDimensions: 8 long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Get the comfort, traction and support you need to dominate the court with our Nike Overplay VIII basketball shoes.   technology full Phylon midsole for lightweight cushioning construction Nubuck leather/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up solid rubber outsole with traditional herringbone pattern provides optimal traction TPU shank for stability  
The two-tone colorblock design of our Worthington short-sleeve top is bold and sleek, suiting your style to a tee. roundneck approx. 29¼-31 9/16 length polyester/rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Great-fitting suit separates that let you create a sharp, professional look. Select the jacket and pants in the right size for you to build the suit that looks like it was precisely tailored to your body. Getting the perfect fit, and the perfect style, has never been easier.   2 front pockets, 2 back welt button pockets polyester/rayon with polyester lining
With its spiked-skull design and leather-look sleeves, this colorful tee gives “sharp” a new meaning. crewneck short sleeves body: cotton/polyester trim: polyurethane washable imported
Drape your neckline in fun fashionable color with this set of two fuchsia and coral stone necklaces. Metal: Gold-tone metal Stone: Fuchsia and coral acrylic stones Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 16 and 18 long link chains with 3 extenders Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Clear round crystals are the perfect complement to the polished sterling silver of our adjustable toe ring.  Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Round clear crystalsJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Travel-friendly whether by plane, train or car, this wrinkle resilient, well-tailored jacket makes sure you look as fresh at the end of your trip as when you started. wrinkle resilient classic fit adjustable back buckle 6-button front shell: wool/polyester lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Our moisture-wicking Bermuda golf shorts offer style and performance that will burn up the course. flat front zip fly with hook-and-bar closure 2 front slash pockets 1 back patch pocket notch cuffs 10” inseam polyester washable imported  
The Home Bakery Virtuoso® bread maker bakes a traditional-shaped 2-lb. loaf of bread automatically. Dual kneading blades and additional heater on the lid ensures thorough kneading and even baking. New gluten-free menu setting makes it easy to bake gluten-free breads. bakes a large, traditional rectangular shaped 2-pound loaf dual kneading blades additional heater on lid provides even baking LCD clock with 13-hour delay timer exclusive homemade menu function includes 3 memory settings quick-baking cycle makes bread in a little over 2 hours gluten-free menu setting makes it easy to bake gluten-free breads menu settings include: basic bread, wheat bread, gluten-free bread, sourdough starter, dough, jam, cake, quick bread and 3 homemade menus includes easy-to-follow instructional DVD, manual and recipe booklet Plastic. Measures 10½x18x13”H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. UL listed. Imported.  
Our all-in-one fabric steamer from Conair features a dual heat system with dry steam that penetrates heavier fabrics to release wrinkles faster and easier than ironing. 1800 watts of power 90 second heat up time 60 minutes of continual steaming unique triangular shaped nozzle with metal soleplate and built-in creaser custom variable heat settings using dial on nozzle 3-in-1 retractable hanger 360º base includes 2 additional measuring tape style elastic pant clips includes fabric brush & soft cushion brush luggage cart style telescopic pole with lock button and 4 wheels for easy transport removable 61 oz. water tank store steam hose, power cords, attachments and nozzle in base foot control power switch at base with steam ready indicator light steam trigger switch with optional lock for continuous steam wipe clean imported
Fill her room with an edgy yet girly look with this comforter set featuring alternating patterns of polka dots, leopard print and a damask design.   teal, black and white tones patterns balance each other 3-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: comforter sham decorative pillow 4-piece Full/Queen set includes: comforter 2 shams decorative pillow Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester comforter and decorative pillow with polyester fill; polyester shams. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: comforter is 66x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillow is 18x10 Full/Queen: comforter is 86x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillow is 18x10
These stylish shorts from the PGA TOUR keep you dry and on the move with moisture-wicking technology and mechanical stretch.   UPF 15+ flat front 10 inseam moisture-wicking mechanical stretch 2 front pockets 2 back welt pockets polyester washable imported
Vertical channel quilting and soothing ivory cotton make this Euro sham the perfect addition to your bed. 2 decorative flange measures 26x26 Sold individually. Requires a 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Cotton with cotton fill. Washable. Imported.
Make this special occasion memorable with this short-sleeve christening cross dobby vest and boxer short set.   beautiful satin shawl collar and necktie tab pocket on front vest intricate satin-covered buttons at closure comfortable elastic waist pants includes a matching hat packed in an adorable Keepsake Bag™ polyester dry clean only made in USA sizes: 0-3mos (up to 12lbs), 6-9mos (12½-16lbs), 9-12mos (16-20lbs), 18mos (20½-23½lbs), 24mos (24-26lbs)
What it is: A large, round diffuser brush with super-soft, tapered natural bristles for easy application of highlighter formulas. What it does: Precisely apply highlighter with Brush #23. Achieve seamless application—just swirl powder over cheekbones and the décolletage.Suggested Usage: Swirl powder over the cheekbones and décolletage.
She will have fun with her casual style with these Minnie Mouse leggings. cotton/spandex washable imported
Our pretty Maidenform extra-coverage bra elevates your profile without compromising on coverage or comfort.   underwire padded full support lift nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #9436
What it is: A mini lip liner available in shades to match SEPHORA COLLECTION's lipstick colors. What it does: These lip liners can be used for perfect lip contouring at any time. They can also be used over the entire lip for a trendy, semi-matte finish. Each is made with a highly pigmented formula and is designed to be matched with a SEPHORA COLLECTION lipstick. Suggested Usage: -Outline lips with Lip liner to go. -Closely following the contour, apply a corresponding shade of lipstick -Lip liner to go can also be applied alone over the entire lip for a semi-matte finish. Size:0.025 ozIngredients:Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Synthetic Wax, Zeolite, Mica, Stearyl Dimethicone, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Hydrogenated Polydicyclopentadiene, CI 15850 (Red 6), Polyethylene, CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), Diisostearyl Malate, CI 73360 (Red 30), CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl HydroxyhydroCInnamate, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter).
Our Better U full slip creates a smooth look under dresses with slimming and cooling comfort for a stunning profile. adjustable straps ultra slimming cooling nylon/elastane machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer style # 77206A
Look darling in our sleeveless lace fit-and-flare dress, perfect for all your warm-weather gatherings. roundneck sleeveless exposed back zipper 38 length from shoulder lined lace polyester hand wash, line dry imported
A classic-style watch gets a burst of color.Brand: GenevaDial Color: PurpleStrap: Silver-tone metalClasp: FoldoverMovement: QuartzCase Width: 28mmCase Thickness: 9mmBracelet Dimensions: 7.5, 18mmModel No.: FMDJM150Special Features: Time display, adjustable band   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring fun spaghetti straps and tasteful detailing at the neck, our sleeveless, faux-suede A-line dress is perfect for a sunny day spent outdoors. roundneck center front tie 31½ length from shoulder polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Add feminine flair to your warm-weather style with our tie-dyed maxi skirt, featuring a flowy sharkbite hem. relaxed fit 29¾ length rayon/polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Get lasting comfort and style with this performance stretch belt from Dockers. 1.38 wide polypropylene/rubber spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
With a color to match his every mood, a 6 pack of crew socks keep his toes cozy in coordinating style.   cotton/polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported 
Pretty lace give this top a unique, feminine look for everyday wear.  cotton/Modal® rayon jersery knit  machine wash, dry flat imported
Sophisticated and stylish, our bracelet-sleeve jacket is a versatile option perfect for work or an evening out. shawl collar bracelet sleeves 22 length polyester/elastane dry clean imported
Classic Marvel Transformers tee spotlights Autobots Grimlock, Prowl and Bumblebee.   crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
On or off the court, these sporty shorts offer game-elevating comfort and style. relaxed fit flat front drawstring waist 2 side pockets and back pocket French terry fabric cotton/polyester washable imported
This St. John's Bay hat provides coverage from the sun with a fun tropical look that is perfect for a relaxing day outdoors. straw spot clean imported
Keep your life-saving information readily available when you wear this medical ID bracelet. A white medical symbol is featured on the front along with your personalized vital facts (such as health conditions, prescriptions and food/drug allergies). Hypoallergenic and resists tarnishing.    Metal: Stainless steel with black ion plating (IP)Closure: Lobster claspDimensions: 9 long curb chainPlaque ID Size: 49x12mm Personalize: up to 3 lines, 11 letters per line Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Dress for success in total comfort with this soft-to-the-touch, microfiber blazer from Claiborne.   notch lapel welt chest pocket 2 lower front flap pockets 2-button front 2 interior pockets printed lining back side vents polyester dry clean imported
It’s all in the details with these Mary Jane pumps featuring elegant stitch details and an adjustable strap for maximum comfort. technology Heel Rest technology cradles your heel, distributing weight between it and the ball of your foot shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern flex soles take pressure off the foot construction synthetic upper rubber sole details 3 heel Velcro® closure memory foam footbed
Add some feminine flair to your casual wardrobe with our sleeveless burnout dress, featuring a bold print that's perfect for warm weather. roundneck sleeveless approx. 44 length from shoulder polyester lining rayon/polyester/spandex machine wash line dry imported
A natural touch of cork and a bright pop of color accent this eye-catching women's fashion watch.   Brand: Decree® Dial Color: Pink Strap: Cork Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 39mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9.75 long; 13/16 wide Model No.: RY4619PK Special Features: Cork band Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our Yuu sandals give you all day comfort for every part of your foot in a nicely neutral sandal you'll want to wear every day.   construction polyurethane upper rubber sole details durable textile upper adjustable Velcro closure self-woven straps with keyhole detail custom cushioned footbed superflex outsole
Get more performance out of swimwear with these Nike trunks, featuring brushed microfiber fabric that sheds water and built-in mesh briefs for comfort. interior drawstring side pockets  built-in mesh briefs brushed microfiber fabric polyester washable imported
With an ultra-soft plush blanket like this, you just may not mind cooler weather.   extra-soft feel attractive printed pattern provides an extra layer of comfort and warmth when you need it mid-weight warmth Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: 66x90 Full/Queen: 90x90 King: 108x90
Bring a fresh look and feel to your bathroom decor with our soft and absorbent 6-piece towel set.   soft, easy-care cotton highly absorbent available in versatile colors 6-piece set includes:  two 30x54 bath towels  two 16x28 hand towels  two 13x13 washcloths  Cotton. Washable. Imported. Care tip: Avoid contact with skincare products to help minimize towel spotting or bleaching.
Add a touch of stately elegance to your dining experience with this stunning dinnerware set featuring a regal scroll pattern in a rich, vibrant palette of red and gold. durable stoneware construction microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 11 dinner plates four 8 salad plates four 6 soup bowls four 12-ounce mugs Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
true This 4.3 cu. ft. DOE front-load washer features a stainless steel tilt wash basket to keep even your most delicate clothing from snagging in the wash while the My Cycle setting lets you optimize the 10 wash cycles and 5 rinse temperature settings to customize your cycle for a better clean. ENERGY STAR® qualified 4.3 cu. ft. capacity stainless steel tilt wash basket Rotary-Electronic controls for easy operation and cycle display steam assist option penetrates deep into fabric fibers, loosening stains My Cycle allows you to create your favorite wash settings for your specific clothes-care needs stain removal guide cleans five of the most common stains with preprogrammed settings  10 wash cycles, including: Active Wear, Basket Clean, Bulky/Bedding, Colors/Normals, Delicates/Hand Wash, NSF Sanitize, Quick Wash, Rinse and Spin, Towels & Sheets, Whites 5 rinse temperatures spin speed up to 1300 RPM delay start operation up to 18 hours internal water heater increases wash temperature to reduce bacteria and provide better cleaning  vibration control adjusts spin patterns for each floor type for a smoother wash stackable design provides all-in-one vertical look, maximizing floor space (sold separately) fill hoses are required for installation (sold separately) Note: In order for pedestals to be installed they must be purchased and delivered with the corresponding washer and dryer.shop matching electric dryer or gas dryer Short on space? To stack any front-load, front-control washer & dryer pair, purchase the corresponding Stacking Kit (sold separately) and select the “Stack Front Load Laundry Units” option from the Additional Parts & Services list when you add to bag. 
Get superior, deep cleaning power with a lightweight vacuum that never loses suction. never loses suction technology powerful cleaning for both carpets and bare floors lightweight lift-away canister with XL capacity for easy, portable cleaning swivel steering for effortless maneuverability Anti-Allergen Complete Seal Technology + HEPA filter traps over 99.99% of dust and allergens Includes: 8 crevice tool dusting brush and large turbo brush accessory bag Dust-Away™ Bare floor attachment with microfiber pad 2 duster pads Metal/Plastic. Measures 30.2x15.5x11.5H. Imported.  
On or off the court, these easy-match shorts offer game-elevating comfort and style. relaxed fit drawstring waist 2 side pockets and back pocket French terry fabric cotton/polyester washable imported
Our plaid pants have a classic design that makes for handsome formal wear. zip fly with button closure 2 back and 2 front pockets straight hemmed leg flat-front midrise wool/polyester lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Inspired by the way women live their active lives today, Easy Fit Modern Motion denim leggings are designed with a revolutionary slimming stretch fabric and non-restrictive titled waistband. This unique design eliminates muffin top and gapping at the waist. They’ll make you feel beautiful all day.   sits just below the waist easy fit skinny leg with 13½ opening button-and-zip fly 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 31 inseam petite: 29 inseam
Whether you're working out or running—or heading to the coffee shop afterwards—our regular rise, slim-fit, bootcut pants will keep you comfortable. tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin key pocket at inside waistband 30 inseam jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported
Slide into superior comfort with these cozy acrylic knit slippers, boasting soft, ferpa lining. slide style acrylic upper polyester furpa lining rubber sole hand wash, dry flat imported  S (8-9), M (10-11), L (12-13)
Perfect for the multi-sport athlete, these quick-drying, breathable mesh shorts will keep him comfortable whether he's getting ready for the big game or just hanging out with friends.   dri-FIT technology 10 inseam polyester washable imported
These rope-textured bracelets are strategically dotted with genuine multicolor gemstones to attract attention whichever way you turn.   Metal: Silver-plated bronze Stones: Genuine color-enhanced gemstones Dimensions: 8 circumference each   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Jockey performance midway boxer briefsprovide comfort and support, so you’ll feel in control all day.  H-fly for no-gap support moisture wicking odor control polyester/spandex washable imported
From season to season, these indoor/outdoor rugs keep their beauty, no matter the weather.   look and feel of natural sisal offers interesting texture and earthy appeal added UV stabilizers for extra protection against the elements heat set for long-lasting colors low-maintenance, flat-weave design mold and mildew resistant machine-made construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Belgium ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Polypropylene Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor or outdoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly. Spot clean. Do not dry clean. Origin: Imported  
Wrapped in lace, these are some classic pumps with an edge. mesh upper 4” heel synthetic sole
Decorate your feet with this 3-piece silver-tone toe ring set with vine and swirl detailing. Metal: Silver-tone metal   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These handsome, all-cotton pants easily match a variety of looks and feature an adjustable waist for the perfect fit.     adjustable waist with belt loops hook and zipper closure for sizes 4-7; button and zipper for 8-20 two side and two back pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Cut a classic figure with a fresh, floral attitude in our delightful halter-neck dress.   halter neckline sleeveless back zipper belt included approx. 38½ length from shoulder cotton/spandex lining: polyester washable imported                                                               
Featuring burnout wash fabric, striped sleeves and a fun chest graphic, our short-sleeve hockey tee is comfortable, fun and easy to wear. v-neck 25 length cotton/polyester washable imported
For easygoing style you'll love, wear our stretch-knit print top. v-neck 3/4 sleeves 26¾ length cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Give the gift of cozy to yourself with our plush slipper socks in a variety of festive prints for plenty of stocking stuffing options. acrylic/polyester/spandex shell nylon/spandex lining washable imported
true This high-performance range hood’s 390-CFM venting system helps effectively remove smoke, grease, odors and moisture while its while its four-speed fan control helps keep the elements out of the kitchen air. vertical and rear exhaust vents channel exhaust from kitchen to outside the home halogen cooktop light illuminates the cooking surface 4 3/4 x 35 7/8 x 20
true This top-freezer refrigerator has ample space to meet your varying storage needs—including adjustable wire shelves, clear drawers and large door storage. #1 in quality and dependability among 14-18 cu. ft. refrigerators based on an independent study of property maintenance personnel. Source: The Stevenson Company, 2013—Market research company with over 20 years of experience in the appliance industry ENERGY STAR® qualified upfront temperature controls regulate fresh food and freezer sections adjustable wire shelves clear drawers make finding items easy large door storage frees up valuable shelf space adjustable wire freezer shelf spillproof freezer floor wipes up easily for quick cleanup 14.6 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage room 61¾ x 28 x 31⅝
Hypoallergenic silver-tone metal rounds into these beautiful shining hoop earrings.  Metal: Silver-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: .4x1  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our sleeveless flirty dress features a pleated neck and a fun fabric that's cute and current. ●    pleated neck●    sleeveless●    button closure in back●    40 length from shoulder●    lined●    polyester●    machine wash, line dry●    imported  
Give your business style a modern makeover with this colorful, easy-care broadcloth from JF J. Ferrar. easy-care performance specially sewn seams lay flat, resist puckering big and tall fit spread collar button front long sleeves adjustable cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
Imagine yourself dining al fresco along a cobblestone street of Italy with friends and family when you use this round platter. dishwasher safe microwave safe crafted in Italy earthenware 15.35 round platter imported
A detailed scrollwork pattern accents the urn finials on this double curtain rod to add sophisticated style to your home. 1 diameter outer rod with decorative finials; 13/16 diameter inner rod telescoping design allows for easy adjustment rod lengths excludes finials; allow 3½ to each end of outer rod for finials allow 6⅜ clearance for outer rod; 3¾ clearance for inner rod  mounting hardware included Steel rod with resin finials. Imported.
Beautiful lace trim and a wonderfully soft microfiber texture make this sheet set a luxurious addition to your bed. silky soft microfiber intricately woven lace hem embellishment durable, lasting comfort wrinkle resistant fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 14 deep Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase(s) Twin set includes one standard pillowcase. Full and Queen sets include two standard pillowcases. King set includes two king pillowcases. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 30x20 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20 Queen: flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 30x20 King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 40x20  
Go short on style in our versatile stretch twill shorts that will get you from the grocery store to the game and anywhere in between. 2 front, 2 back pockets 5 inseam approx. 26 - 27½ length cotton/spandex washable imported
You'll love our oblong neck scarf for a simple slip-on-and-go styling option to make any outfit easily pop. one size 100% rayon dry clean only imported
Take the workday or weekend well in stride with our wide-waistband maxi skirt. 39½ length rayon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Featuring a character appliqué and contrast ribbed binding, this sleeveless romper by Carter's is perfect for your little one's wardrobe. snap-front design nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
Made with IsoFresh®, an odor-neutralizing system, this memory foam mattress topper is designed to relieve pressure points in seven different zones and features a cool channel ventilation system that responds to body heat, instantly conforming to your shape and position for the ultimate in a refreshing night’s sleep.   1½ memory foam 7-zone design to relieve pressure points and help reduce tossing and turning Urethane foam. Spot clean. Made in America. Twin: 34x72x1½H Twin XL: 34x76x1½H Full: 50x72x1½H Queen: 56x76x1½H King: 74x76x1½H Cal. King: 68x78x1½H Please note: To ensure proper sizing without overhang, this mattress topper is made slightly smaller than standard mattress dimensions as shown in the above measurements.  Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
Finish off any look with these commanding Real strappy high heel sandals. polyurethane upper adjustable buckle on ankle strap 4 heel polyurethane sole
  imported machine washable cotton/acrylic/other fiber
These Levi's 541 jeans deliver a comfortable relaxed fit, with a tailored trim from the knee below, making them your new go-to pair. sits at waist straight fit; roomy in seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 19 leg opening cotton/spandex washable imported
With a construction that allows it to be used on multiple cooking surfaces, this versatile cast iron casserole dish is the perfect go-to kitchen tool. safe to use on any heat source including induction warms quickly and evenly inside is coated with durable enamel to offer corrosion protection heat-retaining cast iron allows food to stay hot oven safe to 500°F Cast iron/enamel/stainless steel. Hand wash. Imported.
Every superhero needs a trusted suit and this Spider-Man costume hoodie fits the task with its cozy fleece construction and convenient zip front. sublimated print on front and back hooded with half mesh mask zip front long sleeves 2 side seam pockets knit cuffs and hem polyester washable imported
This belt from Dockers features double stitching around the edges.   32mm wide faux leather spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Polish off your 9-to-5 looks with this smooth leather belt from Dockers, featuring feather-edge construction with double stitch detail. feather-edge construction double-stitch detail 1¼ wide       100% genuine leather                                 spot clean imported   For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.   
The Status watch line shows off the glamorous side of Disney, and the tonneau case and two-tone accent color don’t disappoint. This watch features Spiderman surrounded by classic Roman numeral markers.   Dial Color: White Strap: Two-tone metal alloy Clasp: Foldover Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 35mm Case Thickness: 15mm Chain Dimensions: 8” long, 18mm wide Model No.: W000560 Special Features: white Spiderman character print dial, two-tone metal alloy bracelet, 3 ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
What it is:A foaming, water-activated cleanser with an advanced oil base that gently removes dirt and build-up while restoring essential moisture.What it is formulated to do:This soothing shampoo features Proprietary CR-4 Repair Complex™including nutrient-rich mafura butter and kalahari melon seed oilto envelope the hair shaft with a cushion-like coating of concentrated fatty acids that are vital to rebuilding, nourishing, and protecting hair in need of repair. Specifically formulated for dry, damaged hair, silk proteins and coconut oils bind to the cuticle to sustain hydration and resist damage while enhancing body and shine.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This gluten-free product can be used on people with keratin treatments, as this product contains no sodium chloride. Suggested Usage:-Using your fingertips, gently massage through wet hair and scalp.-Rinse with warm water and follow with Curl Recovery Whipped Curls Daily Conditioner & Styling Primer. Size8.5 oz Ingredients​-Mafura Butter: Rich in essential fatty acids; nourishes while imparting softness and shine.-Kalahari Melon Seed Oil: Rich in fatty acids; moisturizes, restructures, and regulates hydration levels of the hair shaft.-Panthenol: Deeply moisturizes the hair and reduces breakage and split ends.-Hydrolyzed Silk Protein: Forms a protective film on the hair; aids in moisture retention and restores moisture balance; helps improve the elasticity of hair.Water, Sodium C14-16 Olefin Sulfonate , Sodium Cocoamphoacetate, Cocamidopropyl Hydroxysultaine, Propanediol, Panthenol, Glycerin ,Trichilia Emetica Seed Butter , Citrullus Lanatus (Watermelon) Seed Oil, Polyquaternium-10, Raphanus Sativus (Radish) Seed Oil, Panthenol, Glycerin , Starch Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Limnanthes Alba (Meadowfoam) Seed Oil, Polysorbate 20, Passiflora Edulis (Passion Fruit) Seed Oil, Sodium Chloride, Oriza Sativa (Rice Bran) Oil, Silicone Quaternium-8, Euterpe Oleracea (Acai) Pulp Oil, Cetrimonium Chloride, Cocodimonium Hydroxypropyl Hydrolyzed Silk Protein, Citric Acid, PEG-12 Dimethicone, Disodium EDTA, PEG-150 Pentaerythrityl Tetrastearate, PEG-6 Caprylic/Capric Glycerides, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Fragrance.
Playful and cute, our racerback tank top from a.n.a has a drapey fit and comfortable feel. scoopneck approx. 25¾-27¾ length cotton/polyester washable imported
From the classroom to hanging out with her girls, she'll look great wherever she goes in this cute tunic top.   graphic print crewneck cross-strap back sleeveless high-low hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Our top features flutter sleeve details and a tie front for an eye-catching look. ●    scoopneck●    short sleeves●    27 length●    polyester●    washable●    imported
The perfect choice for the guy who's committed to full disclosure and transparency, this cool-looking watch features a skeleton dial that reveals the inner, gold-tone workings. Automatic technology uses your movements to power this self-winding timepiece, while a croc-embossed leather strap adds a handsome finishing touch.   Brand: Relic® Dial Color: Brown Strap: Brown leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Automatic Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 43.5mm Case Thickness: 13.2mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long, 22mm wide Model No.: ZR77241 Special Features: Automatic technology, exposed gold-tone inner workings, croc-embossed leather strap, 5ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add a pop of color to your nursery with a chevron curtain valance.  54x15L cotton machine wash, lay flat to dry imported
Rock a retro-inspired vibe full of sunny-days style with our high-waist skirted swim bottoms that mix-and-match with your favorite swim tops. tummy control panel partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Perfect for layering or wearing solo, this pendant necklace features a pear-shaped genuine peridot and lab-created white sapphires in an uncomplicated drop design.Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: 8x6mm pear-shaped genuine peridotOther Stones: Round lab-created white sapphiresSetting: ProngClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long rope chainPendant Size: 5.89x15.88mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Let him show off his goofy side with this cool tee featuring a Sponge Bob graphic. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
These camo-print shorts from Nike keep you focused on your game with a Dri-FIT fabric that wicks away sweat so you stay comfortably dry. Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric sits at waist regular fit elastic waist with drawstring straight leg side vents polyester washable imported
Stretch twill scrub pants from Dickies sport youthful, fashionable styling without giving up on-the-job functionality. junior fit low rise elastic waist with drawstring wide belt loops 9 utility pockets elastic bungee loop triple pen holder motion knee darts straight leg cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Long-sleeve chambray shirt with a western-style front and back yokes evokes a truly classic look.   4 oz. Chambray Western-style front/back yoke two-piece, lined, banded collar with sewn-in stays topstitched placket simulated pearl gripper-front with button at neck two spade-style pockets with functional flaps, pearl gripper double pearl snap cuffs  two flapped pockets with pearl snap closure closure and pencil stall on left leg polyester/cotton washable imported of domestic goods more sizes: regular, tall, big, big tall
Our pull-on capri pants have the comfort you look to when you want to work out and relax. mid rise elastic waist with drawstring side pockets straight leg 25 inseam cotton/polyester washable imported
These sharp Star Wars blade sunglasses show that you're a fan with style. silver frame with rainbow lens includes soft pouch for carrying plastic imported  
He’ll be the hero Gotham deserves in our Batman logo tee. crewneck silver foil logo polyester washable imported
Be reminded of the people who love you the most with this family tree bangle bracelet. Description on back of charm reads, A family's love never ends. Expands for a great fit. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.Metal: Stainless steel (bangle), silver-plated metal (charms)Stones: Clear bead and crystalsDimensions: 8 circumferenceJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
JF J. Ferrar men's vest finishes your business look.   adjustable back buckle slim fit 5-button front plaid back 2 exterior welt pockets polyester/rayon blend polyester lining dry clean imported
Slip into style with our delightful Pop Rewards sandals
Enjoy an automatic solution to make various types of fresh and flavorful homemade pasta. In just 15 minutes, you can make one pound of pasta or noodles with perfect texture. 1600 lb. extrusion force AC current; 200 watts plastic 1 lb. item capacity detachable parts are dishwasher safe imported measures 13.5x8.46x11.8H
Lightweight and flexible, our handsome flip flops keep you looking sharp even on casual warm-weather days. construction synthetic upper rubber sole details cushioned footbed
Give your skirts and dresses a fresh twist with the look of our cool print leggings. 29 inseam jersey knit cotton/spandex washable imported
Your modern style is on point with the latest trends with these pointed-toe ballet flats, featuring a dainty bow accent and slight block heel. synthetic upper fabric knit trim bow accent rubber sole
Formalwear is made easy with this Steve Harvey suit set that will have him looking good. includes long-sleeve shirt, vest, clip-on tie and flat-front pants vest has faux watch chain pants: zipper with hook flex closure vest, tie & pants: polyester shirt: cotton/polyester shirt, vest and pants are washable; tie is dry clean only imported  
A central medallion motif gives this decorative pillow an ornate look that you'll love. ornate floral medallion quilting on front bright white, reed yellow and aqua color scheme measures 16x16 Cotton with polyester back and cotton fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Our thermal-textured T-shirt's all about casual comfort dressed up nicely with a front medallion screen print and notch neckline. front screen print approx 27⅛ - 29 length cotton/plyester washable imported
Work out in our tee, made from Champion Vapor moisture-wicking fabric to keep you cool and dry.  crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
With a flow, sharkbite hem and a sleek fit, our racerback tank top is the perfect accompaniment to your favorite pair of pants. roundneck approx. 25⅝-28¼ length polyester/spandex washable imported
Totally geo! Rest easy with this unique Natalie comforter set featuring a classic geometric print with a modern twist.   geometric pattern in teal on white background decorative flange trim on sham(s) includes coordinating decorative pillows 4-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: comforter sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen set includes: comforter 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: comforter is 68x90; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 18x12 Full/Queen: comforter is 90x90; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 18x12
The Master Apollo portable massage chair is the perfect chair for larger clients. Its large, thick cushions provide extra comfort and it's amazingly ultra-light at only 18 pounds. Plus, the Apollo massage chair comes with a luggage-style wheeled carry case smartly designed for effortless “grab-and-go.”   supports 1,200 pounds all cushions are wrapped with heavy-duty Rhino-Hide™—incredibly heavy-duty upholstery specially designed to withstand intense abrasions from fully-clothed customers memory foam layer in chest pad and in face cradle pillow exclusive Small Cell Foam™ on all cushioned surfaces for extra comfort black upholstery with Non-Mark™ finished black frame Includes: luggage-style wheeled carry case matching chest comfort bolster adjustable face cradle with soft cushioned pillow a “session pouch” for storing eyeglasses and jewelry Wood/foam. Measures 32Wx18Dx50H when fully assembled. Wipe clean. Imported.  
Get out there and get active with our comfortable short-sleeve tee, designed with performance in mind. crewneck short sleeves regular fit cotton/polyester washable imported
true Keep family favorites organized and easily accessible with the Food Showcase feature on this 24.7 cu. ft. refrigerator. The exterior showcase provides instant access to drinks and condiments in the door while the extra large capacity of the inner case allows you to store nearly 25 bags of groceries. ENERGY STAR® qualified tall, in-door filtered water and ice dispenser accommodates larger glasses and pitchers for added convenience the automatic in-door ice maker produces up to 4.2 pounds of ice daily while maximizing freezer space external ice blue digital display allows you to control settings at the touch of a button Samsung’s Twin Cooling System® keeps humidity at optimum levels in the refrigerator for fresher fruits and vegetables and dry freezer conditions for less freezer burn and better tasting frozen foods Metal Cooling stainless steel paneling helps maintain consistent temperatures Power Freeze and Power Cool buttons drop the internal temperature quickly in each compartment to fast chill or freeze your favorite food and drinks equipped with 4 shelves, 3 crisper drawers and 5 door bins in the refrigerator and 4 shelves, 2 drawers and 3 door bins in the freezer for maximum storage and organization the Food Showcase design provides easy access to family favorites such as drinks and condiments in the door 24.7 cu. ft. total capacity LED tower lighting gently illuminates every corner of the interior while saving space and energy alarm alerts you when door is left open 2-door refrigerator has one fresh food door with Food Showcase feature and one freezer door
Giving your collectables more visual depth with glass shelves and a mirrored back, this space-saving curio cabinet elegantly enhances the corner of any room in your home. pine, MDF and glass construction with a birch veneer painted black finish 4 adjustable shelves; 2 fixed shelves anti-tipping design for maximum stability includes one 25W F bulb, one medium E27 base bulb and 9' power cord brushed nickel hardware Measures 21Wx16Dx70H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required. Imported.
Your champion will be ready to dominate the competition in these winning running shorts. elastic waist with interior drawstring polyester washable imported
When you're redecorating, don't forget the pillow forms! Economical synthetic fill puts the plump back into your pillows without draining your decorating budget.   resilient polyester fiberfill is hypoallergenic ideal for redecorating; use with new bedding or pillow covers for a fresh feel add new loftiness to old pillows that have gone flat overstuffed for cushiony comfort 150 thread-count cotton/polyester covers. Washable. Made in America. Size details: Standard pillow form: 20x28 King pillow form: 20x36  
Be in control of the sun with this cordless pleated shade that lets you change how much light enters your room. Custom made to the exact width and length you need, it's ideal for a large or hard-to-fit window. cordless product safe for homes with young children and pets 1¼ pleats with textured linen look no cords to tangle Sold individually. Polyester/rayon shade. Window must be 1⅝ deep for inside mount; 1¾ deep for flush inside mount. Mounting hardware included. Vacuum or spot clean. Imported. For current pricing, measure your windows, fill in the form below and click on Calculate Price. These blinds are shipped directly from the supplier to you; allow up to 6 weeks plus transit for delivery anywhere in the 48 contiguous United States. Custom blinds, shades and draperies are custom fabricated to your specifications. To receive a refund, you must cancel the order within 24 hours of the initial transaction.
Adorned with classic paisley prints and floral patchwork, this quilt is a traditional look for any bedroom. variations of rose pink and sage green tones vermicelli quilting pattern cotton with polyester back; polyester fill washable twin quilt: 86x66 full/queen quilt: 86x86 king quilt: 100x90 imported Coordinating accessories sold separately.
Back and better than ever, our popular plunge bra by Ambrielle Mystique features the same cleavage-enhancing lift you love, updated with gorgeous lace accents on the cups for extra-feminine appeal. The deep plunge style is the perfect solution for low, open necklines.   Style: plunge; provides less coverage for lower necklinesPadding: lightly lined cups with light, cleavage-enhancing lift; includes underwire for shape and supportFabric: nylon/spandexCare: hand wash, line dryOrigin: imported 
Featuring X-Temp technology and cushioning, these Hanes crew socks adapt to temperature and environment to keep feet dry and comfortable all day long. X-Temp technology adapts to temperature and activity wicking keeps feet cool and dry mesh panels for ventilation cushioned footbed for all-day comfort reinforced heel and toe polyester/spandex/other fibers washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12 
He'll be on the path to a lifetime of great style if you start him in our soft cotton polo bodysuit. polo collar front button placket short sleeves nickel-free snaps on reinforce panel pre-washed 100% cotton washable imported
This toaster oven and broiler will give you the convenience of a second oven, saving you time and energy. It uses up to 80% less energy and is 28% faster than a typical kitchen oven when reheating precooked frozen chicken nuggets. fits a 9-inch pizza 30-minute cooking timer with ready bell and automatic shutoff at the end of cooking time adjustable temperature bake pan included nonslip feet metal 16.53x13.13x9.75H imported
These beaded sandals pair perfectly with jeans or dresses for a touch of charm. synthetic upper adjustable ankle strap hand-beaded upper rubber sole
Sparkling crystal ornaments and a strappy ankle give our wedge open-toe sandals a New York edge.●    synthetic upper●    2¼” heel●    synthetic sole
Keep a favorite breakfast food fresh and easily accessible with this cereal dispenser.   two airtight seals keep cereal fresh tapered front is perfect for pouring push down on the back of the lid to open; push down at the front to close rectangular shape maximizes space efficiency in the pantry or on the counter BPA free 4½-quart capacity Plastic. Measures 10.24x3.5x12.63H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
This adorable pillow features a fun and happy dog print with pops of vibrant color. 16x16 100% cotton; polyester fill dry clean imported Signature Design by Ashley® is a registered trademark of Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.
Featuring a vanishing plaid print and sleek style, this short-sleeve polo shirt is perfect for your warm-weather wardrobe. flat knit collar 3-button placket short sleeves bottom side vents athletic fit DriFlux moisture absorption SunFlux 50 sun protection MotionFlux innovative seams polyester washable imported
The Union DTRS-616B 700 Series Threaded Height Drum Throne is a solid new throne that offers support and comfort at a very reasonable price. Thrones feature sturdy double-braced legs and round thick foam cushions. The adjustable throne has a smooth metal telescoping top section that secures in place with a memory clamp. The threaded height throne is height adjustable by threading the top section up or down, then securing with the lock collar. metal alloy double-braced legs 22x7x5H imported
Stroll through the day in our breezy sleeveless four-point handkerchief hem printed dress. 40-51 length from shoulder lined polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Set in lustrous, 14K white gold, this exquisite bridal set presents a sparkling trio of marquise diamonds flanked by six baguettes on each side of the engagement ring. A simple, adjoining wedding band completes this timeless look.   Metal: 14K white gold Stones: ½ ct. t.w. marquise and baguette diamonds Color: G-H Clarity: I1-I2 Setting: Prong and channel Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Comfortable and versatile, our Nike Dart 11 running shoes are designed for all-day comfort on lengthy runs or casual walks. technology Reslon midsole for responsive cushioning construction mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up molded midfoot saddle for a lightweight, supportive fit combination outsole pattern for added cushioning, traction and durability  
Be free to be beautiful in these Decree disc earrings featuring a patina finish and starburst design. Metal: Gold-tone brassBack: WireJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These work boots feature a beautiful embroidered design crafted in durable leather for lasting wear. construction leather upper rubber sole details 10 shaft height slip on moisture-wicking high-abrasion lining cushioned insole with moisture-wicking cover lightweight outsole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
She'll look great in these Bermuda shorts featuring fun colors, rolled cuffs and an elastic waist for a comfortable fit.  relaxed fit flat front 5-pocket style elastic waist button-snap closure 4½ inseam rolled cuffs shorts: cotton/spandex pocket lining: polyester washable imported
Pick out just the right size earrings to complete your look from the options in this 3-pair simulated pearl and silver-tone metal earring set.  Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: White acrylic simulated pearlsBack: PostDimensions: .5x.5  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Prepare to wow with our bold and beautiful Worthington pencil skirt. concealed back zipper 29 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Let the Celtic-inspired design of this rug add an elegant touch to your room. machine-tufted construction durable olefin crafted in America ⅛ to ½ pile height range; 1¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Shake to remove loose dirt. Washable. Origin: Made in America  
Rebel enthusiasts: beware. This hooded poncho towel features Kylo Ren, the galaxy’s newest villain to lead the Dark Side. soft, easy-care cotton highly absorbent design attached hoodie Cotton. Measures 22x44. Washable. Imported. Care tip: Some lint may be observed in the first few launderings of towels, and will diminish with each subsequent laundering. This does not affect the look, feel or performance of your towels. Please follow the recommended care instructions on the label and keep the lint trap clean on your dryer.
Our top features a diamond print in vibrant watercolors for a look you'll want to pair with all of your favorite work or everyday outfits. v-neck short sleeves diamond print 23¼–25¼ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Reminiscent of the sand and sea, the Aqualonia towels feature a jacquard wave construction to make your bathroom feel like a relaxing treat. cotton washable bath towel: 27x50 hand towel: 16x26 fingertip towel: 11x18 imported
This parka-style work jacket is loaded with handy features to keep you warm and comfortable.   removable and adjustable hard hat hood laydown corduroy collar inside pocket cell phone pocket 4 large scoop pockets brass zippers and fasteners inside drawstring waist knit storm cuffs 12-oz. 100% cotton Tough Duck™ quilted 8-oz. polyester insulation washable imported
Our jeggings give you the look of a jean but the comfort-fit of a legging to create an irresistible look, fit and feel. 29½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
The Presto Pizzazz Plus Rotating Oven offers you the convenience and versatility to bake frozen, homemade and take-and bake foods at home. It's a perfect for entertaining to prepare everything from chicken nuggets, egg rolls, cookies and more.   rotating tray turns continuously to assure even baking top and bottom heating elements are separately controlled and bake foods from both sides timer signals end of cooking time and automatically turns off saves 60% more energy than compared to a conventional oven nonstick pan is removable for easy cleanup Presto Pizzazz Plus Rotating Oven is aluminum. Removable pan is dishwasher-safe. Imported.
Our performance jogger pants feature an elastic waist and slim fit, so you can be comfortable and look good while you work out.  elastic waist with drawstring 28¾ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
This Traveler shirt keeps pace with your active schedule with stretch-easy comfort in your favorite colors. easy care regular fit button-down collar button front long sleeves left chest pocket cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Create a classic style in your kitchen with this window valance that adds a unique feel with its tab-top design and traditional gingham fabric. 100% cotton 2 coordinating tab tops checkered pattern Measures 60x14L. Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Cotton. Dry clean. Imported.
Love your home's decor when you incorporate our lattice rug by Feizy Rugs, which features a tasteful geometric pattern and boasts durable construction.  geometric pattern ●    hand-hooked tufted construction ●    long-lasting polypropylene fiber ●    0.25 pile height Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Synthetic Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: No Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported
Maidenform Comfort Devotion’s sexy lace-back tanga panties redefine comfort with a luxuriously soft design that molds to the body for a seamless look.   lace back no irritating elastic or binding fused seams for comfort nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #40159
Help your child get ready to pack and go with Carter's on-the-go plush owl bag. The fun animal design and super comfy blanket make it perfect for a day trip or stay at Grandma's. includes super soft blanket: 40x50 kid friendly grab-and-go handles polyester 12x3x10H washable imported
Conquer your day in style wearing our sleeveless floral lace dress, which features a darling chest cutout. scoopneck back zip 38 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Covered in tropical palm trees with a fun orange backdrop she'll look ready for the beach or just to enjoy the sunshine. back button placket chambray binding and pocket peplum hem 100% cotton washable imported
From class time to playtime, these adjustable-waist bermuda shorts are perfect for warm, sunny days. adjustable waist zip fly with hook/slide closure 2 front slant pockets 2 back welt pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
An adjustable crossbody strap offers a hands-free carrying option to this chic satchel. top handle, 4 drop adjustable crossbody strap top zipper closure synthetic; polyester lining 11Hx8½Wx4D imported
When it comes to wardrobe basics, why settle for anything less than IZOD quality woven boxers.   includes 2 boxers cotton washable imported
Give your bedroom a stylish update with our floral duvet set that features pops of coral and a hand-painted look. tonal shades of grays and taupes embroidery and fabric manipulation accents secure button closure polyester; polyester fill washable; spot clean decorative pillows full/queen duvet: 90x90 king/cal. king duvet: 104x92 imported 6-piece set includes: duvet cover 2 shams 3 decorative pillows: 18x18, 16x16, 12x18 Full/queen sets include standard size shams. King/cal. king sets include king shams.
Let glamour rule your night with our stunning special occasion dress. sweetheart neckline sleeveless zipper in back approx. 60 length from shoulder lined polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place. 
With a curve-hugging wide waistband and sleek tailored silhouette, our slim-fit pants are a classic staple you can't go without. flat front sits at waist, relaxed through the hip & thigh, slim leg zip fly with hook and bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front slant pockets 2 back faux welt pockets misses: 30 inseam misses long: 32 inseam misses short: 28 inseam petites: 27 inseam blk/wht birdseye: polyester/spandex  all other colors: cotton/spandex washable imported
Strap shoulders and a fun graphic print give our City Streets tank top some serious attitude. roundneck approx. 19¼-20⅝ length polyester/rayon washable imported
Wear your favorite characters and add fun to your day with our Disney Mickey Mouse tee. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Built to outperform the competition, this plush mattress gives you the support you want and the rest you need.•    quilt layer: FireBlocker Fiber, PIllo-Fill®, 1 Serta PillowSoft® Foam•    comfort layers: 1 EverFeel® Triple Effects™ Gel Memory Foam, 2 PillowSoft Foam•    support system: 1008 Duet® Elite individually wrapped coils with Best Edge® Foam Encasement•    strengthens mattress edges reducing roll-off•    helps create a firmer feel for preferred comfort•    provides added support to help body alignment•    ensures an allover stable sleeping surface•    twin xl: 79.5x38x12H; 631 coil count•    full: 74.5x53x12H; 840 coil count•    queen: 79.5x60x12H; 1008 coil count•    king: 79.5x76x12H; 1218 coil count•    cal. king: 83.5x72x12H; 1232 coil count•    split cal. king: 83.5x36x12H; 1232 coil count•    made in AmericaIncludes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring also available.You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer.  
Upgrade your casual style with Off the Wall® looks like this surf-themed graphic tee from Vans. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Add beauty and style to your walls with this set of four collage wall art prints.   blend of traditional and botanical styling soft natural shades of blue, green and tan frameless oil reproductions to hang together or separately Set of 4. MDF/paper. Each measures 14x2-7/8x14-1/8H. Hanging hardware included. Wipe with soft dry cloth. Imported.
The right touch of shimmer, of flowing fabric and attitude makes our Crystal Sky special occasion dress a huge hit. scoopneck sleeveless illusion waist back zipper approx. 57½ length from shoulder polyester hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place. 
Maximize your workout with the base layer shirt that keeps you cool with a Dri-FIT fabric designed for moisture wicking. crewneck sleeveless compression fit moisture wicking polyester/spandex washable imported
Make the task of going through your mail easy with this handsome letter opener that will save you time while adding a bit of style.   polished silver square edge Zinc alloy. Measures 7.5x.63x.25H. Wipe clean with a dry cloth. Imported.       
Celebrate the luck of the Irish with this green leather strap watch adorned with a leprechaun and shamrock. Packaged in a box for easy gift giving. Made in America.   Brand: Whimsical Watches Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Green leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 38.1mm Case Thickness: 3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 10 long; 16mm wide Model No.: U-1224001 Special Features: Scratch-resistant glass   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Don't sacrifice fashion just because it's raining. Our rain boots will keep your feet dry and look good in the process.  water resistant rubber upper 3/4 heel 12 shaft height top buckle cushioned waterproof, slip-resistant rubber sole
Have some fun in the sun with our chic embroidered tank top. v-neck approx. 28¼-29½ length cotton/modal  washable imported
These CushionTec® crew socks are ideal whether you're relaxing in the yard or working up a sweat on the court.   double cushioned for shock absorption antimicrobial sock protection for odor control reinforced toe for durability stay-in-place heel breathable, keeps feet cool and dry acrylic/stretch nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12½  
Dynamic duo. Bold black onyx and lustrous mother-of-pearl teardrop-shaped cabochons meet at the center of this ring for a bold, high-contrast accent that's sure to turn heads. Set in sterling silver, marcasite and crystal accents add the perfect finishing touch. Metal: Silver-plated brass Stones: Genuine onyx and mother-of-pearl Other Stones: Marcasite and crystals Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Texture and shine bring a fun twist to this stackable ring with a satin finish. Mix and match this twisted band with other favorite stackable rings and create a customized look that reflects your unique style.   Metal: 18K rose gold over sterling silver Width: 1.5mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Rock your style in our black sandals with flirty cut-outs and lacy ankle ties. synthetic upper rubber sole keyhole details
Elegant yet comfortable, the Bali® Passion for Comfort® minimizer bra features a thin layer of silky smooth lining for modesty.     minimizer reduces bust up to 1½ seamless style with encased underwire lightly padded straps nylon/polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry USA and/or imported of domestic and/or imported materials manufacturer's style #3385
This cotton-rich tee is sure to be a casual day staple with its easy-match style and bold color. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
A touch of wool adds extra warmth and texture to this patterned knit sweater from i jeans by Buffalo. mockneck 4-button placket long sleeves rib-knit cuffs and hem acrylic/wool hand wash, lay flat imported
Give your space a modern update with the clean design of this quilt in bold tones of red and red. blue and red stripe pattern coordinating grid pattern on back 100% cotton Coordinating accessories sold separately. Cotton with cotton fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: quilt is 66x88 Full/Queen: quilt is 88x90 King: quilt is 102x90
Our Nintendo tee's got all the good vibes so long as you remember to plug in your rumble pak. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Compatible with most adjustable bases, this plush mattress set promotes a balanced sleep temperature and features a thick layer of pillowy foam to give you ample cushioning for your entire body. 725 individually wrapped coil system with Total Edge® foam encasement quilted topper features Cool Balance® fabric for temperature control Fireblocker® fiber layer adds fire resistance Pillo-Fill® layer helps maintain airflow 1 PillowSoft™ foam layer adds extra comfort insulator pad provides additional temperature regulation ½ Cool Twist™ gel memory foam layer keeps the mattress cool additional 2 PillowSoft layer creates even more plushness 1 support foam layer adds extra support and firmness StabLBase® double-beam frame provides superior stability Cover is polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring/foundation. Foundation measures 8¾H; mattress set measures 20¾H when stacked. Split Queen, King and Cal. King mattress sets feature 2-piece side-by-side foundations for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x74½x12H; 432 coil count Twin XL: 38x79½x12H; 464 coil count Full: 53x74½x12H; 594 coil count Queen: 60x79½x12H; 725 coil count King: 76x79½x12H; 928 coil count Cal. King: 72x83½x12H; 930 coil count
Look your best and stay safe on the job with our comfortable Deco Pro shoes, constructed with work-friendly features to keep you steady on your feet all day, everyday. construction suede leather/nylon mesh upper oil/slip-resistant rubber sole details lace-up entry waterproof, breathable bootie protective rubber heel and toe guard  
Our strappy sandals have a custom cushioned footbed and super-flex outsole for all day comfort.   polyurethane upper detailed with tiny braids and metal medallion super flex rubber sole
Serving as a daily reminder that you’re in control of your own happiness, this charming photo frame is perfect for displaying three of your favorite images. wood frame with white and gray finishes multiple sawtooth hangers for easy hanging holds one 6x4 and two 4x4 photos hangs horizontally  Wood/metal. Measures 20.1x2.3x10.2H. Imported.
Take on the day in our breezy 3/4 tulip sleeve blouse. cami included 31½ length polyester washable imported
This modern mission-style accent table is a great piece in a living room, office, entryway or any other space in your home. solid MDF/wood/veneer construction antique finish adds versatile look glides underneath legs for easy mobility low fixed shelf offers storage option 22x14x23H assembly required; Philips screwdriver needed wipe clean with dry, soft cloth imported
Stay comfortable from the office to a night out in these classic ballet flats, featuring decorative buckles.   technology   latex comfort footbed   construction   synthetic upper rubber sole   details   ½ heel slip on decorative buckles
This rectangular rug is a beautiful blend of bold color and design. The large florals jump out, making it the focal point of any room. floral design machine tufted nylon latex backing    ½ pile height; 1¼ overall thickness washable made in America
With lightweight mesh construction and a soft, plush waistband, these midway boxer briefs offer superior comfort and moisture management no matter how hard you play. package of 2 climacool mesh for ventilation moisture-wicking fabric tag-free soft waistband non-chafing stitching double-lined mesh support pouch no ride-up leg polyester/spandex washable imported
Hit the beach with confidence in our flirty halter swim top, featuring adjustable straps for a comfortable style you'll love. adjustable straps pushup underwire molded cups s-hook closure fully lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our relaxed mesh drawstring pants give you all day comfort that takes you from the gym to errands and back home again in style. relaxed fit drawstring waist mid rise waist side pockets straight leg 30½ inseam moisture wicking polyester washable imported
Our skirt features a pique style and asymmetrical bottom hem for a unique look. elastic waist fitted 25-26¼ length polyester/spandex lining: polyester washable imported
For the runner who's looking for a daily trainer that provides cushioning and breathability, these Nike Downshifter running shoes provide all-day comfort and versatility. technology Phylon midsole provides lightweight, resilient cushioning and a more natural underfoot deep flex grooves provide enhanced flexibility solid rubber outsole enhances traction and durability in key wear zones construction open mesh upper rubber sole details supportive no-sew overlay in the lateral midfoot synthetic-leather overlay provide great lockdown and a breathable fit lace up
This Quick-Dri performance jacket easily slips on and off for playtime in no time. moisture-wicking fabric standup collar long sleeves 1/4 zip polyester/spandex washable imported
A 2-piece hunk swim set from Carter's is just right for the little man.  polyester UPF 50 mesh brief lining hand wash, line dry imported
Our tank top is fully reversible with a cool Marvel print on both sides, giving you two cool looks for the price of one. scoopneck reversible cotton/polyester washable imported
When safety is of high concern, minimize your risk with this high visibility work shirt designed to make you stand out. Take advantage of its 360-degree visibility offered by fluorescent fabric with reflective striping. This long-sleeve neon high visibility work shirt has a UPF 40 rating and is class 2 level 2 compliant with ANSI/ISEA 107-2010 standards. When it comes to safety, work brilliantly in this fluorescent work shirt. 360-degree visibility fluorescent fabric with reflective striping UPF 40 rating class 2 level 2 compliant with ANSI/ISEA 17-21 standards UPF 40 sun protection soil release moisture wicking 5-oz. poplin fabric 2-pc. lined point collar button front with top snap 2 button-through chest pockets (1 with pencil slot) long sleeves 2 silver reflective striping around body, around both sleeves and up the back and over the shoulders polyester home or industrial washable imported
A cropped cut gives our Stylus pants a fresh look that's perfect for the season.   classic fit straight leg misses: 27½ unrolled, 25½ with a 1 double roll cuff petites: 25½ unrolled, 23½ with a 1 double roll cuff cotton/spandex washable imported
Start your little guy on the right path to independence with this 3-pack of absorbent training pants designed so he can easily pull them up or down for when the time comes. 3-ply center panel interlining for absorbency cotton fill: polyester washable imported
Take the fuss out of finding a tee that fits. Our big & tall basic from The Foundry Supply Co. comes in your size – and a great selection of colors to match. crewneck chest pocket short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Accessories don't have to stop at the hand. Use our sterling silver anklet to light up your outfit.  Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 10 long cable chainJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bold design and a high-polished gleam make this men's band a noticeable addition. Designed with a rounded comfort fit interior that slides on easily and avoids pinching. Engrave inside of band with names, a date or sweet sentiment and make it truly personal.Metal: Tungsten carbideDimensions: 8mm widePersonalize: Up to 25 characters (including spaces) in Script MT Bold fontJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Grill juicy burgers or chicken breasts with ease on our contact grill. The slide-out drip tray collects fat and grease for healthier cooking.   54-square-inch cooking surface nonstick coated plates for easy cleaning floating hinge accommodates food of varying thickness indicator lights for power on and ready Plastic/metal. Hand wash drip tray
Frizz Eliminator Smooth & Sleek Serum is infused with coconut oil to help repair as well as seal the cuticle for moisturized, soft hair.   long-lasting and lightweight formula prevents frizz by shielding against humidity embeds moisture and renews body to unruly locks while giving all-day protection from the environment designed for anyone who has frizzy, unruly, multi-textural hair and wants to add smoothness to their hair use on curly hair to create sleek styles while providing great shine Made in America. How to use: Apply a small amount to dry hair to eliminate and protect against frizz. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month. 
Keep your travel accessories close at hand with this beautiful entryway organizer. moisture resistant bamboo makes it great for wet items 4 shelves for storing accessories tall side compartment for umbrellas or boots Bamboo. Measures 28⅜x10⅝x25¼H. Wipe clean. Assembly required. Imported.
Villa della Luna by Pfaltzgraff® is a romantic dinnerware collection based on the book Dancing with the Moon. Each piece captures the magic and elegance of the grand Italian house with a past as old as the moon.  hand-painted dinnerware and accessories rustic shades of blue, melon, orange, and green Microwave and dishwasher-safe.
Two become one. Celebrate your never-ending love with this darling ring where two diamond-accent hearts flow into infinity symbols. Slip it on her finger and she'll be yours. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Bead Gallery Height: 21.2mm   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Glam up your cardigan style with our drop-shoulder version finished with a headline-grabbing fur collar. approx. 29 - 30¼ length body: acrylic collar face: acrylic/polyester collar back: polyester washable imported
She’ll inspire herself and others in our confident tee that dries quickly to keep her cool.  v-neck short sleeves front graphic polyester washable imported
Durable and portable, this trombonist music stand is ideal. It can be adjusted up to 72 and the top slides left and right to accommodate standing trombonists.   sliding top to accommodate trombonist vertical extension from 38 to 60 metal alloy 72.5x23x18 made in America
Throw a truly feminine look in your collection with our ballet flats featuring a bow design and lacy detailing. cotton upper comfort foam textile sole  
Give her a cute, casual look in our comfortable My Little Pony tee.  crewneck short sleeves front graphic cotton/polyester washable imported
Double drop earrings of radiant gold-tone discs add the perfect amount of swing and shine. Metal: Gold-tone metalBack: WireDimensions: .8x1.4 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
With cotton-rich comfort and game-changing style, this incredibly soft fleece hoodie in a winning choice year after year. hoodie with drawstring zip front long sleeves split kangaroo pocket cotton/polyester washable imported  
A little lace goes a long way in our Arizona lace shoulder tunic with both a sporty attitude and a feminine touch. scoopneck 3/4 sleeves lace yoke back high-low hem approx. 26½ length body: rayon/spandex contrast: polyester/spandex washable imported
Our grommet-top insert valance is truly special—from the gentle folds that drape effortlessly to an invitingly soft, silk-like fabric. Pair with existing valances to fully cover your window.   8 easy-to-slide grommets 1 bottom hem, 1 side hem 2 grommet openings Color note: Please note that our Cool White color has more of a Silver-Gray appearance and our Seed Pearl color has more of an Ivory-Gray appearance. Measures 50x18L. Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Polyester with polyester lining. Washable. Imported.  
Update your wallet with our organization-friendly Liz Claiborne wallet featuring 9 credit card slots, room for your ID, a coin purse and more.   zipper polyurethane lining: polyester 9 credit card slots, 1 ID window, 2 slide pockets, 1 zip pocket 4Hx5Wx1¼D imported
Lavishing lace and vibrant color add sass to Flirtitude’s modern hipster panties.   front panel: cotton/spandex back panel: nylon/spandex washable imported
Awesome for a workout or for any casual day, she will love the comfort of this Xersion performance tank. polyester washable imported
This tote is perfect for a day at the office or for school with plenty of room for all of your personal needs and compartments to keep your belongings organized and safe!   double top straps, 12 drop content: polyurethane chain detail on strap inside: 1 phone pocket, 1 inside zipper pocket, 1 inside zipper compartment outside: 1 back zip pocket 12½x12x2½”D imported
  Get her ready in a hurry with this cute and comfy cotton one-piece bodysuit.   embroidered short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Shake things up with our fabulous shaker sweater with ribbed trim along the neckline. cotton/polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Sure to keep you warm from Tatooine to Hoth, our knee-high socks feature a cozy sweater knit construction and fun Star Wars-inspired theme. polyester/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
Step up your style game with our delightfully high wedge sandals.   synthetic upper lining: synthetic metal embellishment 4.15 heel rubber outsole      
Set the mood for sweet dreams in our luxuriously lightweight Ambrielle sleep pants.   31 inseam rayon/spandex washable imported  
Classic style meets raw cuff to create a casual-chic denim essential of the season. low rise 5-pocket style 8¾ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Sink your teeth into the fresh style of our double scoopneck top with a sharkbite hem. approx. 22¼ - 25 front length approx. 24¼ – 27 back length polyester/rayon washable imported
Add your favorite ink to our clear stamps to begin making crisp, clear images. Use the dies for an added layer. includes 14 clear stamps and 3 dies recommended for ages 12+ photo-polymer made in America
Let our cottony stretch-twill, pull-on pants whisk you to work with the greatest of ease. elastic waist cotton/spandex washable imported misses: 30½ inseam misses short: 28 inseam petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam
Grace your home with the true elegance of these beautiful Trellise accent tables.   exquisitely scrolled iron legs rich dark cherry trim beveled glass top Sofa table measures 42x16x28H. End table and cocktail table sold separately. Metal/tempered glass/wood. Imported.
The lovely open crochet pattern of our shrug gives you a touch of protection from the chill and loads of appeal. open front open crochet 3/4 sleeves approx. 17½ length acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
Featuring a darling sleeveless romper and a corresponding button-front cardigan, this 2-piece set is everything your little one needs. romper: tiered ruffles, cinched waist with drawstring tie, nickel-free straps on reinforced panel cardigan: pocket detail romper: linen/viscose cardigan: 100% cotton washable imported
Keep comfortable while you're on-the-go in our lightweight stretch slide sandals. technology microfiber suede sock construction double stretch upper lightweight and flexible rubber sole details cushioned footbed X-band positioned on foot for maximum comfort  
Get into a Zoo York state of mind with this soft cotton tee, great for layering under your favorite button-fronts. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Get that modern look and fit that pairs with all of your favorite new tops with our Worthington slim pants. mid rise 25½ inseam rayon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
The signature beauty of Black Hills Gold® with two onyx stones creates an elegant watch with distinctive style. A sparkling diamond accent marks the time at 12 o'clock.   Metal: 10K gold with 12K leaves Dial Color: Black Bracelet: Expansion band Movement: Quartz Model No.: 9-WB104O-F Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Metal: BrassStones: Genuine sapphireOther Stones: Diamond accentsBack: HingedDimensions: 19x25mm long Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Bring fun and festive colors into the bedroom with the ZigZag quilt. Lively geometric and animal prints will make every day feel awesome.   dazzling velvet, fleece and animal prints   multicolor patterns add versatility  complementary pattern on back Coordinating accessories sold separately. Face: Cotton/other fibers; Base fabric: polyester; Flocking: nylon/cotton; Fill: cotton/other fibers; Back: polyester; washable. Imported. Twin quilt: 66x86 Full/Queen quilt: 86x86
Get looking good for any causal occasion with this cute tee featuring an embroidered front and elastic sleeve-cuffs appliqué embroidery roundneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Bring the fun of beautiful garden butterflies into her bedroom for a bright and playful look.●    butterfly print●    12x16 decorative pillow●    twin comforter: 68x86●    full comforter: 76x86●    polyester; polyester-filled comforter and pillows●    washable●    imported   6-piece twin set includes:•    1 comforter•    1 sham•    1 decorative pillow•    1 flat sheet•    1 pillowcase•    1 fitted sheet   8-piece full set includes:•    1 comforter•    2 shams•    1 decorative pillow•    1 flat sheet•    2 pillowcases•    1 fitted sheet   Twin set includes one standard sham. Full set includes two standard shams.  
Stylish and lively, with a distinctive personality, Pink Sugar takes you on a journey through the pleasures and flavors of childhood with a playful blend of vanilla and caramel.Notes:Bergamot, Sicilian Orange, Raspberry, Fig Leaves, Lily of the Valley, Licorice, Strawberry, Red Fruit, Cotton Candy, Vanilla, Caramel, Musk, Wood, Powder.Style:Playful. Mischievous. Romantic. Size8.5 oz
This 4-piece pajama set, featuring allover printed graphics, is sure to keep him comfy and cozy while he sleeps. includes 2 short-sleeve tops and 2 pants ribbed neckline no-pinch elastic waistband 100% cotton washable imported For child’s safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Wrap yourself up in our chic cross-back flowy cardigan for the latest look in layering.  long sleeves 29½-30¾ front length body: viscose/spandex trim: polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Our shirt features a button front and regular fit for a classic work look. button front long sleeves left chest pocket regular fit cotton/polyester washable imported
Tie up her adorable casual-day style with this bold tee from Arizona. crewneck short sleeves side-tie detail cotton/polyester washable imported 
The multi-talented multi-cooker is the ultimate all-in-one cooking system that lets you create everyday dishes, one-pot wonders or gourmet masterpieces with consistent results every time. provides the ultimate in versatility for cooks of all levels by offering exceptional control and consistent results with every dish over 10 settings: risotto, rice, sear, sauté, simmer, soup, yogurt, boil/steam, slow cook high and low, keep warm guided digital display guides you through simple step-by-step instructions and displays temperature and timer for up to 12 hours of cooking 4-quart cooking vessel with pouring spout features exclusive CeramaShield™ coating which is nonstick, scratch resistant and PTFE/PFOA free cook methods can be programmed for up to 12 hours of cooking 24-hour keep-warm setting includes dual-purpose steam basket and roasting rack clear glass lid allows for easy pouring and straining compatible with KitchenAid Stir Tower accessory (model KST4054, sold separately) Metal/glass. Measures 14.8x12.2x11.9H. Pot and lid are dishwasher safe; wipe housing clean. Imported. 
Add a layer he’ll love to his wardrobe with this pullover hoodie, featuring soft fleece and a kangaroo pocket to keep him cozy. mesh-lined hoodie long sleeves kangaroo pocket polyester washable imported  
Add pizzazz to your look with these green stone double-drop earrings.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Acrylic stones Back: Leverback Dimensions: .625x2.25 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Extend the life of your crib with our wood bed rails. Our set includes all you need to convert your crib into a full size bed. assembly required 55.25x76x5H MDF/composite wood/steel wipe with damp cloth imported
Our quick-dri Terra Tek tee from St. John’s Bay offers casual style in a soft, lightweight fabric. quick-dri moisture-wicking fabric transports perspiration away from the skin to the surface of the fabric where it evaporates and leaves you cool and dry forward-placed shoulder and side seams with overlock stitching prevents chafing exterior bungee cord locker loop for convenience classic fit crewneck short sleeves marled yarn jersey stripe lightweight polyester washable imported
Metal: Sterling silverStones: 1/6 ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: I-JClarity: I3Setting: ProngBand Width: 9mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This ruffle swim set is ideal for your little girl to enjoy some time together in the water. includes tankini, cover-up and hoodie button-front closure hooded design UPF 50+ sun protection ruffle and heart details nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported
With a sharp, modern look, you’ll appreciate the comfortable fit of our carefree Lee pull-on pants.   instantly slims you button-free, zipper-free natural fit bootcut leg 29 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Timeless design wood high chair features a forest animals themed pad and adjustable features to last your child up to 3 years or 40 lbs.   seat features a simple 3-position recline with an embroidered, easy-to-clean vinyl coated seat pad one-hand, 4-position adjustable tray dishwasher-safe insert tray footrest 40x19x29H for children birth to 3 years or up to 40 lbs. partially assembled; instructions included hardwood with polyester pad machine wash, hang dry pad imported
A swarm of color and good vibes compose this sleeveless tank-style dress. roundneck cutout back drop waist with button belt loops and heart buckle belt polyester machine wash, hang dry imported
Go about your day in comfy poplin shorts with a streamlined flat-front, slim fit look. slim fit button closure button pocket; front flat pocket mid rise 12½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Whether you’re kicking back from a long day of work or simply lounging on the weekend, this comfortable roll-arm recliner is a relaxed retreat in any living space. This recliner is available in different reclining mechanisms and leathers in a variety of colors to suit your budget and personal preference.   kiln-dried, laminated hardwood and plywood frame provides a solid foundation 8½-gauge tempered steel springs offer lasting durability springs are attached to the frame with insulated spring clips to prevent noise 16-gauge coated flex cords connect spring to provide extra stability and uniformity comfortable cushions filled with 5½ density Dacron foam easy-pull reclining handle Leather options: Aspen: Medium-weight leather that has been corrected in order to reduce surface imperfections. As a result, it has a very smooth, consistent pebble grain texture. Durango: Soft and supple hide that has been slightly corrected for improved durability and ease of care while still retaining a traditional leather appearance and feel. Reclining options: Recliner: A traditional recliner, this chair only offers a reclining motion. Rocker recliner: Reclines and offers a seamless forward and backward rocking motion. Swivel rocker recliner: Allows you to recline, turn easily from side to side and rock forward and backward. Gliding recliner: Allows you to recline and move forward and backward in an easy gliding motion. Swivel gliding recliner: Allows you to recline, turn easily from side to side and move forward and backward in an easy gliding motion. Power recliner: Uses a quiet motor to move you from fully upright to fully reclined in 7 seconds with the push of a button. This recliner requires the use of an electrical outlet and comes with an electrical cord and battery backup. Power lift recliner: Uses a quiet 3-way motor to help move you from sitting to standing up in seconds. This recliner requires the use of an electrical outlet and comes with an electrical cord and battery backup. Upholstery is 100% top-grain cowhide leather on the recliner seat, footrest, backrest and arms with matching vinyl fabric on the sides and back. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 39Wx41Dx43H with a 20 seat height, 22 seat depth and 23 seat back height. Made in America. Please note: All colors are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance. 
Your room is an enthusiastic expression of your style. This embroidered rod-pocket sheer panel from Martha Stewart features soft light filtering and a beautiful design that dresses up your window while adding the perfect finishing touch to your space.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart 3 rod pocket accommodates a variety of rod sizes 1 side hem; 3 bottom hem available in fresh, natural colors MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at jcpenney Sold individually. Polyester with cotton embroidery. Washable. Imported. 
Faux suede and a floral damask pattern help this distinct decorative pillow embody the spirit of the Austin collection—warm, welcoming and just a little bit wild. pieced faux-suede border accented with faux-leather piping measures 18x18 Polyester with polyester fill. Dry clean. Imported.
Sporting a rotating slide rule bezel, this watch offers advanced timing functions and the latest technologies. It's powered by Eco-Drive which absorbs sunlight and any artificial light through the crystal and dial to recharge the watch continuously. This means no batteries needed...ever! Brand: Citizen Dial Color: Black Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: Hidden push-button foldover Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 200m Case Dimensions: 48mm Case Thickness: 16mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 21mm wide Model No.: JY0000-53E Special Features: Atomic, radio-controlled world time; 2-alarm chronograph; perpetual calendar, 3 world time alarms, 99-minute countdown timer, 1-touch interchangeable analog/digital time, LCD backup light, powered by light sources, 180-day power reserve Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Complete the look of your table setting with these easy-care microfiber napkins.   great for everyday use or entertaining  liquid-resistant design helps protect against spills set of 4 Polyester. Each measures 19x19. Washable. Imported.
Our shorts from Carter's have a fun print design that mixes and matches for a comfortable and easy outfit. zip fly with button closure adjustable waist 100% cotton washable imported
Girly charm and everyday comfort effortlessly collide in this sweet 2-piece set. includes top and scooter skirt top: squareneck, sleeveless, bow and tulle detail at neck skirt: elastic waist, tulle ruffle top: cotton/polyester skirt: cotton/polyester trim: tulle washable imported
Update your shoe collection with our pumps, featuring a lace-up style and a pointed toe for a get-noticed look. synthetic upper 3¾ heel lace up pointed toe PVC sole
Metal: Silver, 10K white or yellow gold, 14K white or yellow goldStones: Simulated gemstonesSetting: ProngGallery Height: 5.4mmPersonalization: Choose 2 birthstones. Enter 2 names and up to 10 characters per name. Choose two birthstones. Use the letter key below to represent the months. Selection must be made using capitalized letters:  A=JanuaryB=FebruaryC=MarchD=AprilE=MayF=JuneG=JulyH=AugustI=SeptemberJ=OctoberK=NovemberL=December Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Rev up her active-time style with this cool graphic tee. v-neck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported 
Basic but beautiful with its silver-tone dial and three-hand sweep, this finely crafted watch takes you through any formal or casual setting with ease.   Brand: Timex      Dial Color: Silver-tone Strap: Stainless steel Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 18mm Case Thickness: 7mm Model No.: T2N7439J   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Take on the weekend in ultra-relaxed mode with our cargo bermuda shorts from Lee, made from fineline stretch twill with a knit waistband for extra comfort. relaxed fit mid rise double button-and-zip closure front and back pockets side cargo pockets 8½ inseam twilight: cotton/polyester/spandex other colors: cotton/spandex washable imported
With a straight-leg fit that's not too loose and not too tight, it's easy to see why 514™ jeans are a Levi's®  bestseller.     sits below waist 2 concealed back hem pockets  wide side seam slim fit through seat and thighs straight leg, 16½ opening black, rigid grey, blue stone and black stone: 99% cotton/1% elastane midnight and white bull denim: 98% cotton/2% elastane covered up: 78% cotton/16% polyester/4% elamul/2% elastane other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
Add another layer for cool weather without losing the movability you want with our lightweight fleece-lined jacket. moisture wicking zip front 2 side pockets fleece lining polyester washable imported
A little unexpected surprise takes our two-piece luxe lace dress to new heights. roundneck sleeveless built-in bra side zippers approx. 62 length from shoulder lined nylon/polyester/spandex professional spot clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
A wave of diamonds creates this mesmerizing ring that adds an aura of glamour to any occasion.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: ½ ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 2.65mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Wide raw-edge straps top this stylish wedge from the Clarks Collection while comfort technology makes them all-day favorites.   technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed Cushion Soft technology optimal breathability via open-cell technology construction leather upper rubber sole details 2¾ heel lightweight shock-absorbing wedge with rubber outsole Nylon shank is airport friendly antimicrobial OrthoLite® footbed
Keep her warm and comfortable through those cold windy days with this cute jacket from Osh Kosh B’Gosh. hooded jacket polyester washable imported
This high-performing Hoover WindTunnel upright is specially designed for households with pets.   three distinct air channels lift and remove hidden dirt that other vacuums leave behind dual-stage cyclonic filtration for sustained suction carbon filter helps reduce musty pet odors pet hair turbo tool features improved technology to remove pet hair automatic cord rewind; retractable extra-long 27' cord stores neatly inside five height adjustments folding handle for convenient storage even in small spaces no filters to replace; lifetime HEPA and premium washable filters filter indicator shows when filter needs washing headlight illuminates dark areas for more thorough cleaning EZ belt change system suction-only pedal allows you to transition from carpets to hard floors with ease 8' stretch hose Includes 12 extension wand, crevice tool and upholstery/dust brush. 2-year manufacturer's warranty.
Take your look to a new level of refined with our soft, wide-leg palazzo pants in a chic print that's perfect for the season. 30 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Make every day feel like Independence Day in this soft cotton tee with bold and colorful lettering. big and tall fit crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Our solid cotton Vans shorts are a comfortable way to cruise down the streets in style. elastic waist with drawstring relaxed fit flat front 20 outseam 100% cotton washable imported
A flirty crochet lace overlay elevates our bralette swim top to must-have status. adjustable straps soft cups knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our Stafford suit pants make dressing with separates a versatile dream that gives you easy style and creates handsome impressions. classic fit front and back rise wool/polyester knee lining: polyester washable imported
Nab attention with this stylish button-front military-style swing jacket. patch chest pockets linen/rayon machine wash, dry flat imported
You'll love sinking your toes into the thick, plush pile of this rug.   highly durable polypropylene machine-woven construction crafted in Egypt 1.96 pile height; 2.21 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Jute Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly. Spot clean or professionally clean. Origin: Imported  
A contemporary and cheerful addition to any room, this 12-liter trash can is the perfect size for a kitchen, dorm room or home office. sturdy steel construction foot pedal provides hands-free operation removable plastic inner trash bucket hand print-resistant exterior fold-down carrying handle Steel/plastic. Measures 13x11x16H. Imported.
Our sleek x-back tank swimsuit is ideal for full-bust and curvy bodies, and the geometric detail will make you feel your most confident when you’re out on the water. tank straps built-in soft cups long torso tummy control x-back partially lined nylon/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Featuring a crochet fringe along the bottom hem, this chiffon swim coverup is ideal for your next day at the beach. scoopneck sleeveless 32 length polyester washable imported
Our St. John's Bay wedge is a comfortable neutral shoe with just the right touch of detail on the toe box.   polyurethane upper Velcro strap memory foam footbed 2½ heel polyurethane sole
A sophisticated paisley print puts a stylish spin on this roomy diaper bag from Trend Lab. The Deluxe Duffle features several organizational pockets, a durable wipe-off exterior and comes complete with a changing pad and dirty duds zippered pouch. 2 top handles adjustable and removable shoulder strap zippered top closure polyester; nylon lining coordinating changing pad and dirty duds zippered pouch included durable hardware 2 exterior side bottle pockets and 4 zippered pockets 6 interior organizational pockets and zippered pocket 12(H) x 16(W) x 6(D) imported  
This simplehuman touch-bar trash can is easy to open when your hands are full or dirty. Just tap with your elbow, bump with your hip or nudge with your knee and the lid will open with a smooth and silent motion. stays open until you're ready to close it ideal while preparing food or finishing up long chores use with simplehuman custom- fit trash can liners, code H 8-gallon capacity 21.5x17x28.8 stainless steel wipe with microfiber mitt imported
Simple glam is conveyed in this faceted crystal watch. Crystal markers on the bezel keep you on time in style. Dial Color: Silver Stones: 10 crystals Strap: Synthetic Clasp: Buckle strap Movement: Quartz Case Width: 27.5mm Case Thickness: 10mm Bracelet Dimensions: 195mm +/-5mm long, 12mm wide Model No.: FMDJPS026 Special Features: Faceted crystal lens edge Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Whether you're hitting the weights or heading to the store, these training shoes from New Balance offer optimal cushioning and a stable sole to keep you going. technology CUSH+ midsole for cushioning heel pillow comfort insert forefoot flex grooves for better stability construction polyester/synthetic rubber sole details rolled comfort collar thin film overlays for contoured fit and flexibility lace up
Top off your window makeover with this stylish valance in a versatile design.   classic rod-pocket styling solid-color horizontally pieced design Measures 80x16L. Sold individually. Curtain panels sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
The IZOD® short-sleeve easy care woven shirt features a classic, button-down front that provides an effortless, super-comfortable go-to style. regular, loose fit left chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
A sun-sational look at the beach or by the pool, our chevron print high-neck tankini swim top is a perfectly flattering, getaway-ready look. adjustable straps soft cups partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
A classic design with timeless appeal, this handsome Timex® watch will take him anywhere. Plus the highly visible face makes it easy to tell time at a glance. Includes date window and second hand.   Brand: Timex® Dial Color: White Bracelet: Two-tone stainless steel expansion band Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: Less than 30m Case Width: 36mm Case Thickness: 9.84mm Bracelet Dimensions: 150-205mm long, 21mm wide Model No.: 2H311 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our multi-strap tank swimdress offers tummy control and minimizes your hips and waist, so you know you’ll feel your best when you wear it out to the beach.   built-in soft cups long torso partially lined polyester/nylon/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
This fashion-forward jean boasts an antique look with light blasting accents, while the stretch fabric and adjustable elastic waist ensure a flattering fit. adjustable elastic waist zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
The darling bell sleeves and pretty lace make our sheath dress the perfect pick from picnics to parties. scoopneck 3/4 bell sleeves 41 length from shoulder polyester lining lace nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Bring Disney magic to the holiday season with these merry and bright Minnie Mouse pajamas. includes top and long pants top: scalloped crewneck, long sleeves, rib-knit cuffs pants: elastic waist, rib-knit cuffs polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Get maximum impact support, full coverage and style with our Glamorise high-impact sport bra, featuring a front zipper that locks to stay secure during any workout. Sizing Note: Zipper-front close bras offer no band size adjustment. If you like to wear your back hook bra at the fullest setting, order one size up from your regular bra.   full figure moisture-wicking fabric keep body cool and dry patented MagicLift® design shapes and supports without a wire comfort straps stylish zipper locks to stay secure seamless, non stretch 2-ply cups for bounce control unlined racerback 2-way stretch back keeps the bra in place polyester/nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #1266
Our Legacy cotton thermal features classic waffle construction that helps hold in the warmth without weighing you down. ribbed collar and cuffs long sleeves straight hem cotton washable imported
The Bed Head Split Personality 1 hair straightener features curved-edge plates to straighten, flip or curl. The Tourmaline ceramic technology lets you create frizz-free styles with massive shine. high heat up to 400ºF multiple heat settings instant recovery color-split design AC/DC. Plastic/ceramic. Measures 14⅜x3½x4¼H. Wipes clean. Imported.  
Promise her unending love with this ring featuring three stones that represent the past, present and future. With fiery brilliance, it’s detailed with pavé-set stones surrounded by tiny-bead milgrain and an eye-catching scroll design along the sides.   Metal: 10K rose gold Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds, including 1/10 ct. round center stone Color: H-I Clarity: 12-13 Setting: Prong and pavé Dimensions: 20.4x3.2mm Gallery Height: 5.7mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Lightweight and super-soft, our adorable monkey print creeper is simple to dress him in seconds. ●         easy snap-front design ●         nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel ●         short sleeves ●         100% cotton ●         washable   imported
Keep your feet cushioned and dry in our crew socks with comfortable rib-knit cutts.  climalite® moisture-wicking technology full cushioning polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 13-15 fits shoe sizes 12-15
Dress up your comforter setting with this vivid square decorative pillow that brings a revitalizing feel to your bedroom.   100% cotton detailed with circle quilt stitching solid cord trim measures 18x18 Cotton with polyester trim and fill. Spot clean. Imported.  
Sleek and sporty, our swim shorts with internal brief are a perfect addition to any avid swimmer's wardrobe. internal brief partially lined polyester/PBT chlorine resistant hand wash, line dry imported
The sleek, all-black Magic Chef 12-bottle wine cooler is the perfect countertop addition to your kitchen, bar or wherever you entertain. Three removable chrome racks safely cradle your favorite wines while the soft white LED theatre lighting lavishly displays your collection like a work of art. easy-touch digital control panel regulates temperature and lighting 3 removable sculpted chrome racks soft white LED interior illumination quiet thermoelectric cooling system adjustable leveling legs for uneven surfaces freestanding installation only sleek black exterior with recessed handle capacity: holds up to 12 bottles temperature range can be set from 54ºF to 66ºF Metal. Measures 14.2x20.1x19H. Clean with a damp cloth. Imported. 
Inspired by handmade 19th-century pieces, this richly finished curio cabinet features rope-twist embossing, stepped moldings and a generous size. sturdy hardwood and metal frame Edwardian cherry finish doweled, glued and butt-and-mitered-joint joinery 4 adjustable glass shelves; 1 fixed shelf each shelf has a 25-pound capacity beveled glass door with an embossed frame halogen lighting and mirrored back brighten up displayed items glides help prevent surface damage Measures 43Wx16Dx80H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Oxidized brass makes a lovely backdrop for bright pieces of sponge coral on this easy-to-wear, stretch bangle.   Metal: Oxidized brass Stones: Color-enhanced sponge coral Length: 8 Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
When the occasion calls for it, she’ll feel like total royalty in this sleeveless, ruffle dress.   scoopneck sleeveless black vinyl belt chiffon polyester machine wash, line dry imported  
Just squeeze the handle and fold the sides of this cutting board to form a convenient chute through which you can neatly guide chopped food.   living hinge technology lets you fold sides into a chute durable, knife-friendly surface available in 2 sizes for different size cutting jobs soft-grip handle nonslip feet Polypropylene. Dishwasher safe. Imported. Regular: 15x8½ Large: 19½x11
Incredibly soft and extremely comfortable, these microsuede cushions will rejuvenate the look and feel of your chairs.   Gripper® chair cushions have a special backing that helps eliminate the need for ties Spill Guard® liquid-resistant fabric protection helps maximize the life of the pad wide range of colors to complement your décor Polyester with polyester fill and latex/polyester backing. Package of 2; each measures 16Wx15Dx2H. Spot clean. Made in America.
Spend your days sunning in stunning style with our attractive adjustable-strap, shirred tankini top. cross-back, adjustable straps removable soft bra cups shirred sides lined nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Bling on the fun with a crystal stretch ring that has thrice the amount of sparkle. Metal: Silver-tone metalStone: Genuine Austrian crystalsJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Rugged and handsome, our Levi’s Clarkson lace-up boots boast a comfortable ride and effortless style. leather/canvas upper rubber sole  
Inspired by classic architecture, these Arabesque rugs bring a look of sophisticated elegance to any setting.   hand-hooked construction highly durable polyester ¼ pile height; ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Recommended for use on hard floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Clean spills immediately by blotting with a sponge or cloth. Vacuum carefully without beater bar. Professional cleaning recommended. If loops appear above the pile of rug do not pull them. Use a pair of scissor to cut the loop and trim the ends even with the rug pile height. Origin: Imported
Turn any surface into a pressing station with the tabletop ironing board. Whether you need a quick touch-up or have a pile of clothes, this easy-to-access board will let you quickly iron out the wrinkles in your wardrobe.   folding legs for easy storage 5mm foam pad blue fabric cover Measures 31x12x3¼H. 1MDF base. Imported.  
Take to on-trend pieces to lend panache to your wardrobe. Our sleeveless tie neck high-low tunic is a perfect place to start.  halter neck with tie sleeveless 35⅛-36¾ length polyester washable imported
Our classic long-sleeve polo shirt keeps him comfortable and looking great throughout the day.   great for school uniforms y-neck with polo shirt collar partial button placket cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring wrinkle- and fade-resistant fabric, these handsome, slim-fit pants offer the ultimate in durability and style. fade resistant wrinkle resistant stain release slim fit flat front hook-front closure straight legs 2 front inset pockets 2 back welt pockets polyester/cotton washable imported
Have a ball and bring the fun of the summer to your table any time of year with this 16-piece dinnerware set featuring a lively beach theme.   vibrant beach ball and beach umbrella pattern microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 10½” dinner plates four 7½” salad plates four 5¾” soup/cereal bowls with 20-ounce capacity four 14-ounce mugs Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
With an unprecedented level of detail and quality never before seen in an easy-care rug, the Lonni Collection shows off a unique dyeing process and Southwestern patterns. bold, tonal and cool color palette matches any room casual, water-resistant indoor/outdoor rug long-lasting micro-hooked construction durable synthetic rug backing 0.1 overall pile height crafted in India Stain Resistant: YesSlip Resistant: YesFade Resistant: YesFire Retardant: NoMold/Mildew Resistant: YesRug Backing: SyntheticRug Pad Recommended: NoUse: Indoor/Outdoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean.Origin: Imported
As decorative as they are functional, these glass canisters are great for storing anything from flour and sugar to matchbooks and spools of thread.  sleek design displays beautifully on any countertop clear glass lets you view all contents metal lids screw on and off 4-piece set includes: 2-quart canister with lid measuring 4.45x4.45x10.83H 1.5-quart canister with lid measuring 4.45x4.45x8.5H 1-quart canister with lid measuring 4.45x4.45x6.69H 3/4-quart canister with lid measuring 4.45x4.45x 4.72H Glass canisters with stainless steel lids. Hand wash. Imported.  
Our short-sleeve woven shirt is great for a casual day that needs a little style.  point collar button front chest pocket short sleeves side vents polyester washable imported
Perfect for mixing and matching with jeans and shorts, he'll love the soft fabric and cool look of this short-sleeve Henley tee. 3-button placket left chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Embossed stripes give the sphere finals on this curtain rod a hint of modern style that brings a sleek look to your windows. 13/16 diameter rod with decorative finials telescoping design allows for easy adjustment rod length excludes finials; add 2¾ to each end for finials allow 2 clearance for rod mounting hardware included Steel rod with resin finials. Imported.
Take it easy around the house (or even out and about) in these exceptionally soft, athletically inspired jogger pants from Stafford.   classic fit elastic waist with drawstring closed bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
For a casual look with an urban feel, make your bed with this comforter set featuring blocks of navy blue pieced together with khaki, teal and green microfiber.   twill tape details top stitching adds design and value comforter reverses to solid navy blue 3-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: comforter sham decorative pillow 4-piece Full/Queen set includes: comforter 2 shams decorative pillow Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams. Washable. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: comforter is 66x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillow is 16x12 Full/Queen: comforter is 86x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillow is 16x12
On-the-go convenience is what our Made for Life jacket is all about with an easy nature that makes it great for running out the door or running for exercise. roundneck side pockets long sleeves zip front approx: 26⅛ length contrast tape detail cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our cami features pleats on the front and lace trim along the neckline, armholes and bottom hem for a feminine warm-weather look. ●    scoopneck●    front Pleats●    lace trim details●    23 1/8 length●    polyester●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
Create a table setting anywhere in your home with this convenient TV tray set and its space-saving design. solid wood construction inviting finish trays fold for easy storage on stand 5-piece set includes: 4 folding tables storage stand Wood. Imported. Each table: 20Wx15Dx26H Storage stand: 20Wx16Dx28H
Trust your night’s sleep to Stafford. Traditional long-sleeve pajama shirt and pants are woven with a blended, cotton-rich fabric that offers both incredible softness and easy care. soft, wrinkle-resistant fabric breathable classic fit button-front shirt with notch collar and chest pocket drawstring-waist pants cotton/polyester washable imported
Metal: Silver-tone metal Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 36 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Channel your sassy attitude with this gorgeous bib necklace, featuring an array of green glass stones. Metal: RhodiumStones: Green glass stonesClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 18 long oval chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Ease into your evening in this comfortable long-sleeve nightshirt, boasting soft all-cotton fabric and a convenient button-front design. Garment washed for additional softness & comfort, while also providing reduced shrinkage for lasting fit. long sleeves button front 100% cotton washable imported
She'll love heading to gym class in our running shorts, featuring contrast seams around the bottom hem and sides for an extra-girly look. elastic waist with drawcord flat front relaxed fit polyester washable imported
Add a sophisticated touch to your look with out belted pinstripe jacket—complete with a single-button closure and skinny belt. 2 front pockets approx. 23¼ - 25½ front length approx. 24¾ - 27 back length polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
These versatile, cotton bodysuits give any growing wardrobe must-have layering options. includes 4 bodysuits crewneck long sleeves expandable shoulders foldover cuffs on preemie and newborn sizes nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
Great for the executive on the go. The McKlein Midway business case keeps you organized without slowing you down.   detachable wheel-and-handle system quickly converts rolling bag to handsome tote detachable Fly-Through Checkpoint-Friendly padded laptop sleeve fits most 17 laptops front organizer holds media, business cards, keys and pens front compartment with 2 small pockets and file storage space expandable to add up to 2 of extra space 1680 denier nylon. Measures 17x5¼-7¼x13. Imported.
Surround him in cottony comfort and boyish charm with these soft swaddle blankets, complete with how-to-swaddle instructions. includes 2 blankets 35x35 100% cotton washable imported
What it is: A five-piece, portable, complete color-correcting kit that hides dark circles, disguises discoloration, and brightens eyes. What it does: Cover it up with Benefit’s Life’s Little Correctors kit. This convenient kit of complexion correctors will leave skin looking beautifully flawless. Even out dark spots and discoloration and then dab and blend in the award-winning Boi-ing industrial strength concealer for maximum full coverage. Awaken your eyelids with miracle-working Lemon aid color correcting eyelid primerthe soft-yellow primer hides redness and neutralizes tired eyes in an instant. For an extra perk-me-up bonus, dab and dot erase paste concealer under the eyes. This innovative, brightening formula with melon undertones camouflages dark circles and reduces the signs of stress and fatigue. Minimize the look of dull, tired eyes with the Eye bright instant eye brightener. This pink perk-me-up brightening pencil creates a pop of pink and instantaneously disguises dullness in a single stroke. This set contains: - 0.05 oz Boi-ing industrial strength concealer in Light - 0.05 oz Boi-ing industrial strength concealer in Light/Medium - 0.04 oz Erase paste brightening concealer in Medium - 0.04 oz Eye bright instant eye brightener - 0.04 oz Lemon aid color correcting eyelid primer What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - PhthalatesSuggested Usage: Boi-ing industrial strength concealer: -Dab and blend this full-coverage concealer over dark circles or imperfections. Lemon aid color correcting eyelid primer: -Use it to disguise eyelid redness and discoloration with lemon aid. -For an instantly refreshed look, blend this creamy, yellow neutralizer over lids. -Wear it alone or under makeup. Erase paste brightening concealer: -Dab erase paste under eyes to help camouflage dark circles and discoloration. -For an extra perk-me-up, stroke and blend eye bright on the inner and outer corners of your eyes. Precautions: -Please read the ingredient list on the packaging of your product to be sure that the ingredients are appropriate for your personal use.Ingredients:Boi-ing industrial strength concealer: Dioctyl Adipate, Octyl Stearate, Talc, Beeswax, Carnauba (Copernicia Cerifera) Wax, Petrolatum, Corn (Zea Mays) Oil, Octyl Palmitate, Propylene Glycol, Butylparaben, Ctiric Acid, Bha. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides. Lemon Aid color correcting eyelid primer: Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Ozokerite, Talc, Neopentyl Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Lanolin Oil, Ppg-2 Myristyl Ether Propionate, Kaolin, Iron Oxides (Ci 77192), Fragrance, Butylparaben, Bha. Erase Paste brightening concealer: Petrolatum, Lanolin, Isopropyl Palmitate, Paraffin, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Tocopherol, Propylparaben, Retinyl Palmitate. [+/-: Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499)]. Eye bright instant eye brightener: Petrolatum, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Isopropyl Palmitate, Mica, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax, Butyl Stearate, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Beeswax (Cera Alba), Ceresin, Synthetic Wax, Talc, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Stearyl Heptanoate, Polyethylene, Stearyl Caprylate, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Bht, Manganese Violet (Ci 77742).
Lee® original Relaxed Fit jeans have been redesigned with you in mind. Featuring the same great fit with updated washes, premium fabrics and more stretch, they're designed to make you feel comfortable and look great all day long. sits at waist relaxed fit straight leg with 19¼ opening Flex Stretch waistband button-and-zip fly 5-pocket styling black: cotton/spandex nile, houston: cotton/polyester/LYCRA® spandex azul, dark: cotton/LYCRA® spandex washable imported plus 31 inseam plus petite: 28 inseam
Breathable, full-zip basketball jacket from Nike offers lightweight warmth while keeping you nice and dry, thanks to mesh Dri-FIT panels on the arms and body.
These crisp plaid placemats have an array of beautiful hues that add a fresh, inviting look to your table.   yarn-dyed for vibrant, long-lasting color easy-care cotton elegantly hemmed for a lovely finishing touch coordinating napkins and tablecloth sold separately set of 4 Cotton. Measures 13x19. Washable. Imported.
What it is: A set of Touch In Sol’s top-selling mascarasStretchex and Paper Pusherin convenient minis. What it does: These revolutionary formulas are enriched with silk proteins to protect and promote healthy lashes. Both provide all-day lightweight performance, but wash off with warm water and won’t irritate even the most sensitive eyes. Stretchex features a unique super light, elastic formulation that creates buildable length. Paper Pusher is an innovative, stretch formula that is infused with patented lightweight paper fibers to create voluptuous lashes in one step. This set contains: - 0.14 oz Paper Pusher Mascara - 0.14 oz Stretchex Mascara What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: This product is hypoallergenic, and cruelty-free. Suggested Usage: -Place wand at base of lashes and sweep upward with long strokes for maximum length and lift. -For supper bold lashes apply additional layers once first coat dries. -Use warm water to remove. Size:2 x 0.14 oz
Bring a pop of color to your outfit with these silver-tone teardrop hoops, featuring simulated turquoise. Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Simulated turquoise Back: Wire Dimensions: 1½x2¾ Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With 1000 watts of power, this is the blender to have for ice crushing and precision cutting.   unique 6-blade system lock-in lid pour spout makes a great food processor transforms ice cubes into fluffy snow in seconds sturdy, no-slip base 72-ounce pitcher 1000 watts. Dishwasher safe except for the power head. Imported.
Our lightweight and cushioned Swerve 2 athletic shoes are equipped with a breathable mesh upper and durable outsole to let you conquer even the toughest of workouts. technology DLS foam in heel for optimal cushioning and response construction leather/synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole flexible forefoot construction aids in the natural running movement details lace up  
A sleek and simple design makes our Polder kitchen timer a perfect accessory for your cooking needs. 99 minute, 59 second countdown last setting recall large read LCD screen plastic wipe with dry cloth 3x2.6x1.5H imported
She'll have a magical playtime experience in these Cinderella costume shoes, featuring a fairytale-worthy heel that lights up when tapped. satin bows 3/4 heel synthetic upper synthetic sole
Prong-set in shiny sterling silver, this genuine blue and white topaz ring is sure to steal your heart.Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStone: 6mm heart-shaped genuine blue topazOther Stones: Round genuine white topazSetting: ProngGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These water-resistant boots feature memory foam inside and rugged lug soles, and are a new take on the classic work boot.   Thermabuck/water-resistant upper Flexastride memory foam insole lace up lugged rubber sole for traction imported  
Luxe up bedtime with the superior comfort and effortless style of our soft, jersey knit sleep pants by Jockey.   cotton washable imported 
Enjoy the fringe benefits of our eye-catching western boots, boasting a style that’s sure to keep you from blending in. construction full-grain leather upper composition rubber sole details 2 1/8 heel 9 shaft height 13 shaft circumference hand laced collar snip toe cushioned insole metal stars on collar Please note measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
These men's Gold Toe classic dress socks offer great quality at a low price.   Reinforced heel & toe for durability Soft yarns for all day comfort Spandex for perfect fit crew length ends 4 to 5 above the ankle cotton/nylon washable imported  
Shine and sparkle in our beautifully embellished City Triangles party dress. sweetheart neck strapless bra cups built-in embellished waist back zipper approx. 35 length lined nylon professional spot clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place. 
Acacia wood and a leather loop make our paddleboard beautiful enough for serving or prepping. stainless steel grommet and leather loop allows for easy hanging acacia wood 12x11x0.5H hand wash, oil regularly imported
Give your space a fresh look with our bohemian chic coverlet set that features floral medallions and bird motifs in a unique mirrored layout. bright shades of yellow, orange and teal polyester cotton/polyester/olefin/rayon-filled coverlet 2 polyester-filled decorative pillows: 12x16, 16x16 washable; spot clean pillows twin/twin xl coverlet:68x90 full/queen coverlet: 88x90 imported 4-pc. twin/twin xl set includes: coverlet 1 sham 2 decorative pillows 5-pc. full/queen set includes: coverlet 2 shams 2 decorative pillows
Our Dockers dress shirt is perfect for throwing on in a hurry and still looking your best.●    button-down collar●    long sleeves●    chest pocket●    regular fit●    cotton/nylon/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Lightweight and low profile, the Hunt front pocket wallet features genuine leather construction and a secure, flip-down money clip for your cash.   3 credit card slots 2 utility pockets flip money clip ID window exterior/lining: leather imported
Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Clear glass stonesClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 36 long chain  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A ready-to-go outfit, this cute chevron-print dress features a ribbon along the waistline, a high-low hem and comes with hot pink leggings.   includes dress and coordinated leggings dress: crochet lace, back keyhole, double backties, short cap sleeves leggings: pull on, elastic waist dress: polyester leggings: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported 
Our curvy-fit denim shorts offer a cute cut and bling on the back pocket flaps.  curvy fit zipper fly 5 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
From mixing to storing to serving, you'll find lots of uses for this stainless steel bowl set.   bowls nest to save space includes lids for storage freezer safe 3-piece set includes: 1½-quart bowl with lid 3-quart bowl with lid 5-quart bowl with lid Stainless steel bowls with plastic lids. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
For a fabulous silhouette, give these vibrantly colored chandelier earrings a whirl.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Blue and black beads Back: Wire Dimensions: 2 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give your little one the freedom to roll, run and jump around in this versatile and easy-to-wear floral-printed coverall, which features snaps at the diaper line and fun little ruffles across the chest. crewneck flutter sleeves hand-painted watercolor print 100% certified organic cotton washable imported
These versatile, pocketed shorts from Nike have a loose fit and a length that falls above the knee, making them ideal for your active lifestyle.   10 inseam loose fit internal drawcord with elastic waist side pockets back pocket length falls above knee cotton/polyester washable imported
Never too snug or too baggy, the 514 Straight universal fit features Levi's lowest rise and a straight leg that is close through the seat and thigh.   sits low on waist 5-pocket styling button and zip fly cotton washable imported
Metal: Stainless steel with black IP (ion plating)Material: Black leatherClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 8 long curb chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Perform at your best in our moisture-wicking running socks from adidas, featuring all over compression for a secure fit, stability and support, as well as sculpted cushioning in the toe and forefoot to inhibit friction and blistering. Climalite construction wicks moisture micro nylon yarns give a snug and snappy fit left/right specific Traxion heel controls slipping reflective print keeps you safe while running at night                nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 5-10  
A modern look for the modern man, these slim-fit suit pants work hard to keep you looking great.   flat front polyester lining to the knees polyester/rayon blend dry clean only imported
Comfortable and confident is what you'll be while wearing our short-sleeve layered tee. roundneck 30-31 ¼ length 100% cotton polyester trim washable imported
Our leather loafers are crafted to simple perfection, making it easy to step up your style at work or on the weekend. construction leather upper synthetic sole details slip on cushioned footbed
It's time to freshen up your casual fashions with the latest looks in tops like our v-neck graphic tee. v-neck short sleeves 28½-30½ length rayon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Embrace your comfort level. This supportive mattress set’s firm design supports and aligns your back to leave you feeling refreshed and ready to take on your day. Custom Support® classic 520 innerspring system quilted topper features Cool Balance® fabric for temperature control Fireblocker® fiber layer adds fire resistance Pillo-Fill® layer helps maintain airflow 1 PillowSoft™ foam layer adds extra comfort insulator pad provides additional temperature regulation ½ Cool Twist™ gel memory foam layer keeps the mattress cool 2 support foam layer adds extra support and firmness StabLBase® double-beam frame provides superior stability Cover is polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring/foundation. Foundation measures 8¾H; mattress set measures 19¼H when stacked. Split Queen, King and Cal. King mattress sets feature 2-piece side-by-side foundations for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x74½x11½H; 288 coil count Twin XL: 38x79½x11½H; 312 coil count Full: 53x74½x11½H; 408 coil count Queen: 60x79½x11½H; 520 coil count King: 76x79½x11½H; 650 coil count Cal. King: 72x83½x11½H; 616 coil count
Our sleeveless bib-front dress is a fun, versatile piece that you can enjoy wearing any weekday or weekend day. roundneck with slit sleeveless misses/petites: approx. 39 11/16-43 1/4 tall: approx. 42 7/16-47 3/16 length dress: rayon cami: polyester dress: machine wash, line dry cami: washable imported
Dressing him up for a formal occasion will be a little easier with our cute Woodstock pre-tied zipper tie. pre-tied 2.5 wide; 14 long polyester sport clean imported
Whether you're traveling near or far, this lightweight, multi-directional spinner luggage rolls upright to take the weight off your arm and shoulder, making your journey a little easier. 1 interior compartment with mesh modesty pocket for personal items 2 exterior compartments lightweight for easy use large interior front panel pocket for added organization compression straps keep clothing neatly packed while traveling case expands 1¾ for added packing capacity water resistant Nylon with nylon lining. Measures 17½x7½x25H; weighs 8.5 pounds. Spot clean. Imported. 
Add a splash of color to your salad of choice with this five-piece serving set designed with Mediterranean influence.   made from durable melamine modern, square design great for indoor or outdoor entertaining 5-piece set includes: one 11x11x5H bowl four 6x6x3H bowls Melamine. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Cultivate your prettiest look with the fresh floral print of our soft rayon twill henley peasant top. rayon machine wash, line dry imported
This alluring Y-necklace concludes with a single cubic zirconia drop.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stone: Cubic zirconia Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 16 long chain with 10 Y and 3 extender   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A street sneaker with the soul of a tennis star, our SE Daily Vulc shoes offer him iconic sporty style and superior performance. technology pivot-point vulcanized rubber outsole construction slubbed canvas/suede leather upper rubber sole details lace up rubber toe bumper textile lining contrast heel patch bold 3-stripes branding  
This bright blue jacket is the staple, remade in an ultra-comfortable stretch fabric for the modern man who’s going places. notch lapel 2-button front front flap pockets interior pockets shell: polyester/viscose/spandex body lining: polyester sleeve lining: polyester/viscose dry clean only imported
With figure-flattering bootcut legs, our five-pocket stretch-knit jeans are weekend must-haves. button closure with zip fly five-pocket styling 36 inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Fabulously soft and super-absorbent, these bath towels bring a fresh pop of color to your bathroom and are durable enough for everyday use.   soft, ring-spun Indian cotton durable dobby border versatile colors 6-piece set includes:  two 27x52 bath towels two 16x26 hand towels  two 12x12 washcloths  Cotton. Washable. Imported. Care tip: Avoid contact with skincare products to help minimize towel spotting or bleaching.
Our Nike no-show premium cotton socks offer superior comfort.   cushioned football for comfort Breathable, keeps feet cool and dry arch compression for perfected fit reinforced heel & toe for durability cotton for softness and durability cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Great for parties, this Cake Boss four-piece porcelain mug set with the mini cakes pattern adds a touch of modern-retro style when serving beverages.   crafted from sturdy, quality porcelain and finished with a beautiful glaze lively colors and patterns capture old-school bakeshop tradition and heritage each mug features a different cake design and a different color accent coordinates with Cake Boss plates, bowls and other serveware pieces microwave safe each mug has a 12-oz. capacity set of 4 Porcelain. Each mug measures 7¾x4x9¾H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Be ready for whatever comes your way with this Windsor tote, perfect for carrying all the necessities for tackling the day. top handle; 7 drop magnetic snap closure synthetic with polyester/rayon lining 1 exterior slide pocket 3 interior slide pockets, 2 zip pockets and 1 compartment 10.75Hx18Wx6.125D imported
She will love our on-trend top, rendered with short sleeves, a chic sharkbite hem and lace details.  crewneck short sleeves top: polyester/rayon lace: nylon machine wash, dry flat imported
An ikat-inspired ogee pattern gives style to this sheer panel that accents any space beautifully. gently filters light brushed nickel grommets 1½ grommet opening  Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Show your love for your favorite Rock and Roll Hall of Famers in this edgy tee with weathered graphic. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
From the sandy beach to dinner on the docks, our Portocruz tie-dye cover-up has enough style to take you anywhere you need to go in a cool and breezy fashion. scoopneck braided straps approx. 34.5 length polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Our rectangular/oval patio table set cover offers unique styling with clean lines and solid main body contours while providing reliable protection and peace of mind in wet, windy weather. Our light Raincote™ fabric is tough but stores easily when not in use and is made from durable coated polyester with laminated backing. fits rectangular and oval patio tables and 6 standard patio chairs up to 44x72x23H Raincote fabric is tough but stores easily when not in use and is made from durable coated polyester with laminated backing air vents keep weather out while providing ventilation and minimizing condensation extra-long straps tie around furniture legs to secure cover on windy days adjustable drawstring tightens easily resulting in a custom-like fit integrated storage bag with an exterior label for easy identification includes furniture cover and storage bag measures 44x72x23H woven polyester with laminated backing clean with a soft brush and lukewarm water; do not use soap or detergent as it may remove protective coatings imported Measure your furniture based on the illustrations. Select a cover that's slightly larger in length (L) and width (W), length (L) and depth (D) or diameter (DIA) than your furniture. The height of your cover has not been designed to completely cover legs or wheels.
Creased, flat-front Wrangler work shorts have a clean and professional look. Functional details include spacious, hex-shaped cargo pockets, a seam gusset and a durable canvas-blend fabric.   regular fit 7.5 oz. canvas weave color retention, soil release, wrinkle resistant double-needle stitching for a cleaner appearance lower rise than traditional work pants for a modern fit sits just below waist  flat front front slash pockets side cargo pockets reinforced, deeper 13 pockets wider and longer belt loops full inseam gusset for comfort when you bend, squat, lift or climb cargo pocket with exterior utility pocket cargo pockets have center and bottom below and reinforced snap closure inseam gusset 12 inseam cotton/polyester washable imported
Enjoy the comfort of cotton in our classic fit skort from St. John's Bay, featuring cargo pockets for extra practicality. classic fit zip fly with button closure 5 inseam cotton/spandex shell and lining washable imported
What it is: A collection of high-tech, color-correcting formulas that blur the look of imperfections. What it does: Correct imperfections and play up your best features, all without having to lug around a whole contour kit. With five color-neutralizing shades to target every skin concern, Urban Decay’s Naked Skin Color Correcting Fluid features an innovative, lightweight formula that instantly color-corrects and blurs flaws, leaving skin illuminated and bright. Subtle pearlescent pigments diffuse light to perfect skin, while antioxidant-rich vitamins C and E condition and protect. Unlike a lot of cream-based color correctors, this liquid formula is easy to use and always blends flawlessly for a smooth, even application. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: You can see the shade through the clear bottle, so it’s easy to find the right one in your bag. No need to carry a brush either; the modern flocked applicator picks up and lays down just the right amount of product. And it’s soft enough to use on the delicate skin under the eyes. Choose the shade that targets your skin concerns: Green reduces redness. Lavender balances sallowness. Pink brightens dark areas. Yellow corrects dullness. Peach masks circles/spots.Ingredients:Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Dimethicone, Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Acrylates/Dimethicone Copolymer, Boron Nitride, Lecithin, Magnesium Sulfate, Nylon-12, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Caprylyl Glycol, Lauroyl Lysine, Tocopheryl Acetate, Hexylene Glycol, Aluminum Hydroxide, Ascorbyl Glucoside, Dipropylene Glycol, Sodium Citrate, Steareth-20, Sodium Hyaluronate, Tocopherol, Chlorhexidine Digluconate, N-Hydroxysuccinimide, Potassium Sorbate, Chrysin, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7. [+/- (All Shades May Contain: Mica, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/77492/77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77007 (Ultramarines), CI 77288 (Chromium Oxide Greens)].
Go bold with these playful gladiator sandals that are perfect for warm, sunny days. synthetic upper strappy upper calf design rubber sole
Perfect for lower, open necklines, our Ambrielle Mystique plunge push-up bra adds lift to your silhouette while maintaining its support. Convertible straps offer wardrobe versatility. Style: plunge; provides less coverage for lower necklines Padding: push up; includes underwire for shape and support Fabric: nylon/spandex Care: hand wash, line dry Origin: imported  
Cell phone, wallet, keys, sunglasses. You name it, and there's a good chance these do-it-all Dungarees can carry it, thanks to a plethora of pockets from front to back.   belt included zip front with button closure 2 front slash pockets 4 leg pockets 2 back button-through flap pockets 11 inseam cotton washable imported
Enjoy a peaceful night’s sleep in these sleep shorts with a comfy elastic waistband. elastic waistband       4½ʺ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Celebrate everyone’s favorite flying friend with this shower curtain, featuring bright colors and a collage of owls, leaves and acorns.   unique owl-inspired design fun, bold colors durable, absorbent cotton construction shower curtain liner recommended Cotton. Measures 72x72L. Washable. Imported.  
Great for lounging around the house or everyday wear, our soft cotton joggers will be a welcomed addition to his wardrobe. drawstring waist 2 side pockets and 2 back pockets 2 side cargo pockets flat front 100% cotton washable imported
Our seamless molded cup sports bra from Jockey will give you the support and comfort you need for medium impact sports and workouts. built-in moulded bra cups adjustable y-back straps moisture wicking fabric seamfree construction reflective logo detail medium impact approx. 11½ - 13 front length polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported
With a transitional design, supportive backrest and curved seat for ample comfort, these bonded leather barstools are a handsome addition to your home.   solid hardwood frame rich espresso finish finger-joint joinery cushions filled with upholstery foam metal kickplate glides under legs help prevent surface damage each has a 250-pound weight capacity set of 2 Upholstery is bonded leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Assembly required. Imported. Bar-height barstool: 24Wx18Dx42H with a 30 seat height Counter-height barstool: 24Wx18Dx38H with a 26 seat height
Raise the bar on your casual look in our refined driving moccasins, boasting superior comfort and charm.   synthetic upper rubber sole
This sturdy multipurpose driver comes with three bright lights mounted in the handle to help you illuminate dark or confined areas while working. telescopic retrieval rod reaches more than 15 magnetic shaft holds bits in place comfortable soft-grip handle includes 5 Phillips/slotted driver bits Plastic/metal. Requires 2 “AAA” batteries, not included. Imported.
Whether layered or used as a topper over blinds, this beautiful shaped valance is an effortless way to give your windows a refined look.   rod-pocket styling with an antique satin-like finish lovely way to reduce light available in a variety of soft, inviting colors coordinates with Supreme Palace curtain panels, sold separately Measures 85x35L. Sold individually. Rayon/acetate. Dry clean only. Imported.
Delicate, five-row illusion styling paired with jet black glass beads creates a striking balance on this versatile and chic necklace.   Metal: Hematite Stones: Black glass beads Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 15 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A reversible dress belt from Stafford gives you multiple options.  reverses from black to tan 32mm width bonded leather/polyurethane imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
The Star Wars woven shirt gives you an opportunity to dress up your fandom. button front button collar chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Youngsters can learn basic music concepts and playing skills while having fun.  produces lovely chime-like tones removable color-coordinated strip fits behind full-size keys to guide small fingers from chord to chord never needs tuning includes bench and songbook available in choice of high-gloss colors 19 7/8x20½x19¼H
Your day could be instantly happier when you wear these cheerful flower earrings.Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Orange acrylic stones Back: Clip-on Dimensions: .75x.75 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A subtle design gives this sheer valance versatility to accent any room decor perfectly. gently filters light oil-rubbed bronze grommets 1½ grommet opening Measures 50x18L. Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
You don’t have to skip your outdoor workout on a chilly day with these sleek compression pants from Xersion. elastic waistband slim compression fit polyester/ spandex washable imported
Give your business style a modern makeover with this colorful, blended broadcloth in a sleek and slim fit. easy-care performance specially sewn seams lay flat, resist puckering spread collar button front long sleeves adjustable cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
Bright gold-tone metal epoxy drop earrings add a colorful touch to any outfit. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Epoxy stonesBack: WireDimensions: 55x20mmJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
From the track to the treadmill, keep your feet cool and dry with the ClimaLite technology in our lightweight adidas socks. package of 3 pairs odor resistant treatment helps to reduce odor-causing bacteria cushioned heel and toe for added durability and comfort polyester/cotton/spandex/nylon washable imported fits shoe sizes 5-10
Perfect for all of your scrapbooking projects, this calendar pad contains 24 12x12 double-sided sheets in 12 different designs.●    acid- and lignin-free paper●    12x0.23x12.5H●    made in America  
Cinched sides give an ordinary graphic tee new flair. crewneck short-sleeve cotton/polyester washable imported
This Stafford everyday dress shirt is a wardrobe staple featuring our commitment to quality and wearability. easy care performance specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering point collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
From any angle you look at it, our layered scoopneck asymmetrical tank top is an on-trend essential you will love. scoopneck sleeveless 33 1/8- 34 ¾ length polyester washable imported
Step out in style with our Call It Spring sandals with their extra-handy Velcro™ ankle strap for customized fit.   synthetic upper synthetic lining 4 heel plastic outsole
Keep his casual looks cool and easy with these timeless Arizona cargo shorts, complete with a belt and adjustable waist so he get’s a perfect fit everytime.   includes belt adjustable waist 6-pocket style zip-fly with button closure cotton washable imported  
Our Nike Air Relentless mens running shoes offer the comfort you need and the technology to keep you going mile after mile.   technology responsive Reslon midsole cushioned heel with encapsulated heel Air-Sole unit sandwich mesh in the vamp, tongue and collar enhance breathability magwire cording secures foot in place construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up majority underfoot rubber coverage for durability and traction
This classic style with elegant appeal table lamp features multi-faceted crystal accents that will enhance the glamour in any space. art deco design with silver fittings weave-cut corner shade modern black and silver finish rotary 3-way switch 59.6 power cord for ample reach sturdy crystal base overall: 13x13x25.5H black cotton/polyester shade is 10.5H with a 13 bottom diameter and a 6.5 top diameter uses 1 CFL 13W bulb, included assembly required imported
Enjoy your favorite holiday dessert in festive style with these dessert plates featuring frosty snowflakes and grinning snowmen wearing black top hats.   durable earthenware construction classic red, green and white color scheme microwave safe set of 4 Earthenware. Each measures 8¼ in diameter.Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Our classic cable knit sweater gets a casual update with a flatteringly comfortable fit. cotton/nylon machine wash cold inside out, lay flat to dry imported
He'll love hanging out in our comfy cotton tee, featuring a cool graphic print of the legendary Spider-Man. crewneck short sleeves jersey 100% cotton washable imported
This foam underwire bra from Bali provides shaping and support, helps reduce spillage and has a beautiful look for special occasions. natural lift stretch mesh overlay convertible/adjustable straps full coverage foam underwire lined/lightly padded nylon/spandex/rayon hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style # 6544
Add delightful color to any look with our multi-gemstone sterling silver bracelet.Metal: Sterling Silver Stones: Genuine purple amethyst, blue topaz, green peridot, yellow citrine and red garnet Closure: Box Dimensions: 7.25 longGemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail
Our cotton shorts are built with comfort and practicality at the forefront, making them a perfect option for your casual outfit. hidden expandable waistband zip fly with button closure front, back and cargo pockets straight fit flat front 10 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Fashion-forward style comes full circle with this studded top, featuring a bold print and flowy silhouette. hood with stud details short sleeves kangaroo pocket rayon/polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Keep it light and fun with our adorable Alfred Dunner capris that give you all the comfort you want, a look that coordinates with your favorite tops and a kicky embellished hem.   elastic waistband flat side pockets embellished hemline 19 petite inseam 21 misses inseam cotton/polyester machine wash, line dry imported
They'll love these classic Mickey shorts in a soft French terry fabric that's just made for playing.  screen print with soft hand feel  stretch waistband with drawstring cotton/polyester washable imported
What it is:First Aid Beauty ‘S Gentle Cleansing Wipes , an easy packaged towelettes that is mild and clears makeup, surface oils, and impurities.What it is formulated to do:Perfect for use any time of day, whenever your skin needs instant refreshing. - This cleans the skin leaving No trace of Make ups, surface oils and impurities - The perfect blend of chamomile, aloe, and bisabolol calm and soothe the skin, while botanical antioxidants minimize free radical damage.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Phthalates Size30 wipes
Change your look on a whim with our earring set featuring five pairs of stud earrings and a sparkling crystal jacket. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Glass crystals, multicolor simulated pearlsBack: PostDimensions: ½x½ Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add the perfect final touch to your space with this jacquard-print valance and bask in everyday elegance. elegant jacquard print trimmed with striped flange lined for an enhanced weight and feel 3 rod pocket Measures 80x16. Sold individually. Curtain panels sold separately. Polyester with polyester/cotton lining. Washable. Imported.
With tummy control, our versatile high-waist hipster swim bottoms will leave you feeling comfortable and confident all day long. fully lined knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
This fresh logo updated to a classic is just what you need in your next athletic sandal.   technology one-piece synthetic upper with jersey lining and foam package injected phylon midsole injected phylon outsole   construction synthetic upper synthetic rubber blend sole   details slip on
She'll be cute and comfy all day in our movable cotton shorts. elastic waist with drawstring 100% cotton washable imported
A lightweight men’s tech sneaker, our Vans Sanction skate shoes feature a padded tongue and collar for comfort while premium leather uppers stand up to the elements.   nubuck leather upper lace up padded tongue and collar rubber sole
Designed to dazzle any day of the week, this bracelet watch features a touch of bling and a mixed-material strap.   Brand: TKO ORLOGI Dial Color: Purple Accents: Crystals on bezel and links Strap: Purple silicone and gold-tone metal alloy Movement: Quartz Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 20mm wide Model No.: TK651PR Special Features: Mineral crystal   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A timeless Irish sentiment. Crafted in stunning 18K yellow gold over sterling silver, this genuine peridot and diamond-accent pendant necklace showcases a classic heart and crown design—representing love, loyalty and friendship.Metal: 18K yellow gold over sterling silverStone: 5mm heart-shaped genuine peridotOther Stones: Diamond accentSetting: Prong and pavéClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long cable chainPendant Size: 20x24.5mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Comfort and style from our Claiborne polo shirt is what you count on to take you from work, to sport and out for the night.   slim fit ribbed-knit collar short sleeves cotton/spandex washable imported
Brighten your home with a fun, practical washable rug.   whimsical design in bold, vibrant colors easy-care rug is perfect in a kitchen or mudroom Polyester/acrylic with cotton/polyester backing. Measures 20x33. 8-10mm loop pile range. Washable. Imported.
Simply attach this convenient cup to the blending system for a quick, delicious, and most importantly, fresh meal or beverage to go. durable, clear BPA-free Tritan materials compatible with all Ninja Auto-IQ Blenders includes two 24-oz. cups with Sip & Seal lids each measures 4.3x4.3x8.9H plastic dishwasher safe imported
You run in a fashionable circle—let them see your true colors in this trend-right, mixed media necklace. Multicolor shells and beads create elegant shimmer for day or night.   Metal: Bronze-plated metal Stones: Brown tonal glass, mother-of-pearl and wood beads Other Stones: Multicolor shells Material: Silk/cotton cording Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 25 cord with 3 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Slip into our sandals for the perfect warm-weather look, featuring a wedge heel and embellished details on the upper.  polyurethane upper 3½ heel slip on embellished details open toe rubber sole
Slip into style and comfort any time of the day with our slip-on dress shoes from Call It Spring. synthetic upper textile lining rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND
These ultra-trendy booties feature a chunky heel, fringe detail and fun ankle straps for an edgy moto-chic twist. synthetic upper 3 heel 6 shaft height 10 shaft circumference polyester faux-fur lining side zip entry rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
With diamonds that glitter up and down your bride’s finger, this ring set is worthy of her eternal love. Splendid split shanks are covered with diamonds and lead up to the unbelievable princess-cut center stone enveloped by a glittery halo. A matching contoured wedding band completes the union. Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a ⅓ ct. princess-cut center stone Color: H-I Clarity: I1-I2 Setting: Prong and pavé Gallery Height: 21.3mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Wonderfruit wedge rug is a beautiful, versatile look for so many rooms of your home—from the family room and formal dining room to a bedroom or kitchen.   classic fruit motif along delicate wandering vine heat-set construction for lasting quality strong, lustrous fibers are resistant to abrasion, pilling and fuzzing printed in America highly durable nylon 5/16 pile height measures 19x32 Stain Resistant: Yes  Fade Resistant: Yes  Slip Resistant: Yes  Rug Backing: Latex  Fire Retardant: Yes  Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces.  Use: Indoor  Care Instructions: Washable  Origin: Made in America
The master perfumers behind Comptoir Sud Pacifique have captured the feeling of the tropics. Like a soft island breeze, this pure vanilla fragrance evokes a delicate feeling of sensuality. The explosion of delicious notes tempts the palette and touches the heart for a feeling of freedom and passion. This creamy fragrance embodies the warm, sweet aromas of night on an exotic island paradise.Notes: Vanilla Sugar, Heliotrope, Vanilla Absolute, Milk.Style:Sexy. Flirty. Exotic.
Create delicious meals in less time with this 8-quart pressure cooker. Pressure cooking preserves flavors and nutrients and speed cooks inexpensive cuts of meat into great-tasting meals. stainless steel housing with removable nonstick pot   90-minute timer with autostart   auto switch to keep warm precision thermostat regulates temperature and pressure  includes measuring cup, ladle, rack and Wolfgang Puck recipes detachable cord 8-quart capacity 1100 watts. AC/DC current. Stainless steel. Measures 15x15x16¼H. Removable pot is dishwasher safe; wipe unit clean. Imported.  
This clutch features a slim design and plenty of space for all your cards and cash. snap closure synthetic; synthetic lining 3 interior compartments, 1 zip pocket, 19 credit card slots, 2 slide pockets and ID window 3¾(H) x 7½(W) x 1(D) imported
Wear this sideways cross ring as a fashionable admission of your faith, or share it with some special for a meaning gift. Personalized with up to 8 letters, this statement maker is crafted of polished 10K white gold. Made in America. Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K white gold Personalize: Up to 8 letters in script font Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
She'll look like a perfect doll in this beautiful satin Christening outfit.   includes dress and headband roundneck short sleeve flowers and satin ribbon across waist criss-cross skirt design pearl-centered flowers voile/satin dry clean only imported
These wedge booties make a chic companion to your favorite jeans or leggings and feature a lace-up look and fabric lining for added comfort. synthetic upper 3⅓ wedge heel ½ platform 4½ shaft height 10 shaft circumference fabric-lined rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Highlight your curves and show off some feminine attitude in our sleeveless sheath dress, featuring a daring, deep v-back and all-over sequin design. boatneck sleeveless deep v-back 36 length from shoulder sequin lined polyester hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Dickies twill cargo pants offer moisture-wicking performance in a modern, slim fit.     moisture-wicking flex fabric slim fit sits below the waist straight leg cargo pockets multiuse phone pocket polyester/cotton washable imported  
Celebrate color and function with our six-piece set of chef knives featuring ergonomically designed soft-touch handles for exceptional comfort and durability, as well as high-carbon stainless steel blades with FDA-approved non-stick color coating. The chef knife is ideal for chopping vegetables, slicing steak, carving chicken and all your cutting tasks. The Santoku knife is perfect for slicing, dicing and mincing, while the bread knife cuts the perfect slice of bread every time with every loaf.  high-carbon stainless steel blades with FDA-approved non-stick color coating ergonomic handle design with a soft-feel grip for comfort while working stainless steel/santoprene hand wash, dry promptly after washing imported 6-piece set includes: one chef knife one 5 Santoku knife one 7 bread knife 3 color-coordinating protective sheaths
Get preppy in our short-sleeve polo shirt when you want a basic style that you can wear year-round.   cotton/spandex washable imported  
Our sporty Clarks flip flops are a summer essential, boasting supreme cushioning and a hook-and-loop strap for the perfect fit every time. construction synthetic upper synthetic lining rubber sole details adjustable hook-and-loop strap soft fabric toe post EVA cushioned midsole/footbed  
Easily convert our attractive chair into a chaise in seconds. Supported by chrome legs and upholstered in soft faux leather, it will add contemporary style and comfort to your home or office. wood frame extra support chrome solid steel legs converts into a chaise contemporary style faux leather upholstery polyurethane foam cushion wood/polyurethane foam/fabric/steel wipe clean with damp cloth 37x36x38H assembly required, tools included imported
Time is precious, so measure its passing in diamonds with this women's watch from Bulova. Hand-set diamond accents mark each hour on this high-quality, mother-of-pearl dial.   Brand: Bulova® Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Strap: Black leather Stones: 12 diamond accents Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 71/4” long, 16mm to 15mm wide taper Model No.: 98P139 Special Features: mother-of-pearl dial, black leather strap, 12 diamond accent on dial face, sweeping second hand, domed mineral crystal, 3 ATM water resistance   Some diamonds may have fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring a sleek matte finish, this bean bag is great for playing video games, watching TV or simply relaxing. double-stitched seams for durability ergonomic seating position 250-pound weight capacity Vinyl fabric with polystyrene beads. Measures 32x30x13H. Imported. 
true Meeting or exceeding federal guidelines for energy efficiency and year-round energy and money savings with its Energy Star® qualification, this electric dryer features a Clean Speak Communication System that lets you achieve perfect drying performance. ENERGY STAR® qualified 7.8 cu. ft. 5 heat selections My Cycle Settings dry clothes with the settings you prefer on any cycle settings can be stored for later use Speed Dry feature quickly dries items and small loads for families on the go left-swing door 44 1/2 x 28 x 31 9/10 shop matching washer
Play it safe with a personalized medical ID pendant necklace that has your lifesaving information readily available. A red medical symbol is featured on the front of the round disc with your personalized vital facts (such as health conditions, prescriptions and food/drug allergies) engraved on the back. Can be personalized with up to two lines; 12 letters and spaces per line.  Metal: Gold-tone ion-plated stainless steel Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 20 chain ID Charm Size: 30x30mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bring an aristocratic French feel to your bedroom with the classic styling of the Toile Garden bedding collection. The popularity of toile dates back to the 1700s.   floral toile print reverses to stripes scalloped edge with contrast binding all-over vermicelli quilting Euro shams, pillow shams, bedskirt, accent pillows and window coverings sold separately. JCP home™ Toile Garden bedding is cotton with cotton fill and washable, unless noted. Imported. Twin: quilt is 66x86 Full/queen: quilt is 88x90 King: quilt is 104x90
Just what active boys—and their moms—need, this comfortblend tee offers comfort, durability and wash-and-wear ease. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported XXS (4) XS (5) S (6/7) M (8) L (10/12) XL (14/16)
Bright pops of color on this comforter set emphasize the large floral design that will turn your bedroom into a festive place to hang out and sleep.   teal, yellow and white color on a navy background coordinating decorative pillow 3-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: quilt sham decorative pillow 4-piece Full/Queen set includes: quilt 2 shams decorative pillow Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester quilt with cotton fill; polyester shams; polyester decorative pillow with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: quilt is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillow is 18x10 Full/Queen: quilt is 86x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillow is 18x10
Our cropped pants are designed with one part polish and one part comfort, which means you will reach for them often. straight leg zipper with hook-and-bar closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back pockets 18 inseam cotton/rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
From the cotton (10% organic) to the construction, this swoosh tee with soft-hand screen print was designed for superior comfort.    crew neck with contrast tape inside keeps its shape soft screen print washable made in America or imported
What it is: A gentle apple cider vinegar hair rinse. What it is formulated to do: Put your hair on a cleanse with Apple Cider Vinegar Hair Rinse. It gently removes impurities from your hair and scalp without stripping the natural oils essential to the hair’s health. Infused with ingredients like argan oil, fire tulip, lavender extract, and aloe vera, it leaves hair noticeably softer and shiner. With color locking technology and proteins that can triple the strength of each strand, this cleanser is unique. Whether you wash your everyday or once a week, it can be worked into your routine as a shampoo and conditioner substitute that’ll will leave your strands looking healthy, vibrant, and restored. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: This product is color safe, cruelty-free, and free of gluten.Suggested Usage: -Wet scalp and hair. Squeeze excess water out. -Using the bottle tip, create a few small parts in your hair and gently squeeze the product onto your scalp. -Massage into hair and scalp. -Leave in one to three minutes. -Rinse thoroughly.Size:8.5 ozIngredients: -Apple Cider Vinegar -Argan Oil -Fire Tulip -Lavender Extract Water, Apple Cider Vinegar, Cetrimonium Chloride, Silicone Quaternium-8, Glycerin, Rapeseedamidopropyl Ethyldimonium Ethosulfate, Polyacrylamidopropyltrimonium Chloride, Hydrolyzed Vegetable Protein Pg-Propyl Silanetriol, Argania Spinosa Kernel Oil, Spathodea Campanulata Flower Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Macadamia Ternifolia Seed Oil, Taraxacum Officinale (Dandelion) Leaf Extract, Linoleamidopropyl Pg-Dimonium Chloride Phosphate Dimethicone, Quaternium-96, Polyquaternium-55, Dipropylene Glycol, Propanediol, Propylene Glycol, Diazolidinyl Urea, Tetrasodium Glutamate Diacetate, Iodopropynyl Butylcarbamate.
Classic bootcut styling with thickstitch details gives our low-rise jeans distinctive flair that will pair perfectly with button-front shirts and tees alike. low rise flat front 5-pocket styling with embroidered back pockets shank button-and-zip closure cotton/spandex washable imported misses: 33 inseam misses short: 31 inseam misses long: 35 inseam petite: 30½ inseam petite short: 28½ inseam
It doesn't get more easy-care than the Performance dress shirt from Stafford, which makes your business casual style both stain-resistant and wrinkle-free. wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering treated with stain release and repel point collar comfort-stretch collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket long shirttail that stays tucked more sizes: regular, athletic, big, extra tall cotton/polyester broadcloth washable imported 
Offering extra coverage with its high-top design, these water-resistant boots keep you looking good while you accomplish the task at hand. technology Flexa-stride memory foam insole construction synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up padded tongue and collar
Softened by its luxurious fiber-filled back and fashionable tapered feet, this pad-arm leather sofa sectional features clean, rectangular styling elements and a handsome finish that stands out in any space.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery premium elastic webbing cushions filled with polyurethane foam and a bonded polyester comfort layer chip-resistant plastic feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 114Wx88Dx35H overall with a 19 seat height, 22 seat depth and 18 seat back height. Imported. All colors are Custom Order except Metro Dark Brown. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.
Fringed scarf and beanie-style hat in super-soft chenille warms up your look for winter. polyester/metallic washable imported
For the couple with great harmony, this true love ring brings names and birthstones together in perfect sync. The hand-polished ring is personalized with two engraved names, up to 10 letters each, and two dazzling 3mm square-cut Austrian crystal birthstones.   Metal: Sterling silver or 18K gold over silver Stones: 3mm square Austrian crystals Dimensions: 8mm wide Personalize: 2 names, up to 10 letters each; choose 2 birthstones   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.   Choose one birthstone. Use the letter key below to represent the months: A=January B=February C=March D=April E=May F=June G=July H=August I=September J=October K=November L=December
This sterling silver ring with genuine onyx and diamond accents reflects classic, masculine style. Designed with a rounded comfort fit interior that slides on easily and avoids pinching.Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStone: 10mm cushion-cut genuine onyxOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: Prong and beadDimensions: 16x13.54mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Dress to impresses with ¾ ct. t.w. champagne and color-enhanced black diamonds in a modern, square motif. Contrasted in a rhodium-plated sterling silver setting, this men's ring proves that opposites do attract.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: ¾ ct. t.w. champagne & color-enhanced black diamonds Setting: Pavé Some diamonds may be treated and require special care; diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Sheer detailing along the shoulder panels and back bring an illusory quality to our highly versatile, solid-color spacedyed top. 3/4 dolman sleeves polyester washable imported
Haggar eCLo Stria Dress Pants make looking great incredibly easy. Who would have thought a fabric that looks and feels this good could be machine washable? And the legendary hidden expandable waistband will make you feel comfortable all day. big and tall classic fit no-iron permanent crease hidden expandable waist standard rise, sits at waist flat front relaxed through leg Haggar eCLo products made with REPREVE® recycled fiber by UNIFI 77% polyester/23% recycled polyester washable imported style: HD90218
Get your workout on in style and comfort with our moisture-wicking mesh capris.  moisture-wicking fabric relaxed fit drawstring waist straight leg side insets polyester washable imported misses: 22 inseam petite: 19 inseam
Specially woven to stretch and move with you, our colorblock jacket will be the one you reach for when you want lightweight coverage on-the-go. mechanical stretch fabric for comfort piping at front princess seams front zip closure two side pockets approx. 26½ - 27½ center back length twill polyester washable imported
Chandelier earrings show off glossy, jet black beads that are perfect with everything from your little red dress to a chambray shirt and maxi skirt.   Metal: Hematite Stones: Black beads Back: Friction Length: 2½ Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bathroom furniture, the Anita Group by Tadco, offers your choice of shelf towers and a wall cabinet to give small spaces more storage area.   sturdy construction chrome or oil-rubbed bronze finish tempered glass shelves and decorative finials A phillips screwdriver is required for assembly; not provided with product. 5 fixed-shelf tower measures 12-3/4x10-3/4x64-5/8. Also available in 3 fixed-shelf floor models and a 2 fixed-shelf wall cabinet. Metal. Imported.
Bedtime gets adventurous in these comfy Spider-Man-themed pajama pants elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Update your wardrobe for day or evening with a flirty, fringed wrap. 32x34” polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
You'll be on the go in comfort in our soft, nep-yarn flecked French terry hooded jacket. front pockets cotton/polyester washable imported misses: approx. 26⅛ - 28 front length petite: approx. 24½ - 26½ front length
Our stretchy jersey knit tee's gently pleated neckline makes a simply sweet impression.   pleated u-neck short sleeves polyester/spandex washable imported  
Put a fierce spin on fun in the sun with our animal patterned lace cover-up, featuring a sharkbite hem with side slits. lace 3/4-sleeves polyester hand wash, dry flat imported  
A wardrobe essential, our stunning pencil skirt delivers a style that's straight and to the point, with a relaxed, flattering fit. side zip with hook-and-eye closure 24½ length polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Beloved for the comfortable styling, Levi's 505 jeans feature a modern straight fit and is roomy in the leg. 5-pocket styling straight through seat, thigh and leg adjustable waist zip fly and button closures cotton washable imported
Take your training to the next level with the lightweight, powerful sport watch from Armitron. Its fully functional timer modes include lap time, stopwatch, chronograph and alarm functions.   Brand: Armitron Dial Color: Gray Strap: Black resin Clasp: Buckle Movement: Digital quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 37mm Case Thickness: 13mm Bracelet Dimensions: 6¾” long, 20mm wide Model No.: 45/7036PNK Special Features: gray dial, black case, black resin strap, digital display, dual-time, alarm, chronograph, lap time and stopwatch functions, 10 ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With combed cotton for comfort, these colorful polka dot men’s crew socks are an essential accent for any outfit.   cotton/nylon/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 7-12
These wear-anywhere double-drop earrings stand out, thanks to boldly colored stones against polished sterling silver.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Pear-shaped and round enhanced turquoise Setting: Bezel Back: Leverback Dimensions: .35x1.55 long   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our breezy cotton tee is washed for extra softness, resulting in a colorful, easy-to-match shirt that’s incredibly comfortable from the first wear. Choose from a variety of classic to bright hues. washed for softness crewneck tag-free neck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
A flattering cut in rich, full color makes these large flat-front suit pants ideal for formal occasions or a day at the office.   polyester/rayon dry clean imported
High-polish sterling silver wedding band features an attractive crisscross design and stylish milgrain border.   Metal: Sterling silver Width: 4mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.    
This shawl-collared cardigan punches up your layered looks with a colorful, fair-isle chest print. big and tall fit shawl collar button front long sleeves acrylic/wool washable imported
Two interlocking hearts add sweetness to this sterling silver pendant necklace featuring a gorgeous lab-created ruby and pink sapphire surrounded by lab-created white sapphires. Unique hinged setting allows the center stone to pivot within its frame, creating the effect of dancing light. The slightest movement brings these vibrant stones to life.   Metal: Sterling silver Stone: 4mm heart-shaped lab-created ruby Other Stones: 4mm and 1.25mm heart-shaped and round lab-created pink and white lab-created sapphires Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long box chain   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Complement your jaunty mood with the lively dot print on our fit-and-flare dress as a slim belt highlights your waist. sleeveless jewelneck back zipper 37 length from shoulder polyester dry clean only imported
The flattering cut of our fit-and-flare dress goes bold with vibrant chevron stripes. scoopneck sleeveless approx. 37½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex lining: polyester dry clean only imported  
Toughen up with a cutting-edge pair of brass dagger drop earrings for a fresh look that’s sure to get you noticed.   Metal: Brass Back: Wire Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Get a modern look with these skinny jeans that sit low on the waist and are extra slim through the seat and thigh. extra slim fit through seat and thigh sits low on waist zip fly with button closure flat front 5-pocket styling skinny leg cotton/spandex washable imported
Add cool modern style to your bedroom with this comforter set featuring a playful pieced design in shades of gray. oversized diamond pattern in pieced jersey knit on light gray background matching sham(s) 2-piece Twin sets include: comforter sham 3-piece Queen and King sets include: comforter 2 shams Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin and Queen sets include standard sham(s). King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 86x66; sham is 26x20 Queen: comforter is 92x90; shams are 26x20 King: comforter is 104x90; shams are 36x20
Home then, home now or home in the future—this state holds sentimental attachments to you. Claim it proudly for all to see with this state-shaped sterling silver necklace. Layer with other state necklaces for a destination extravaganza.   Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 Forzatina chain Pendant Size: .55x.63 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This unique wall decor features colorful disks and metal scrolls artistically mounted on flowing metal twigs, giving your wall an engaging focal point.   decorative metal construction multicolor finishes abstract, distinctive design Metal. Measures 16.3x2.2x46.5H. Imported.
You're the fairest one of all when you see how lovely you look in this crystal ball mirror. 7x magnification on one side, natural view on the other polished chrome with clear ball stem incandescent soft halo lighting for a beautiful glow circular lighting for clear, fog-free viewing oval mirror measures 6½x8½H 5' line cord Metal. Measures 8x6¾x16⅛H. Wipe clean. Imported.  
Super soft with cushioned foot and reinforced toes for superior comfort for all of your athletic pursuits.   full cushion foot bed for comfort stay-in-place heel reinforced toe for durability premium cotton for softness package of 6 pair crew length ends 4 to 5 above the ankle big: sock size 13-15 fits shoe sizes 12-16 cotton/stretch nylon washable imported
Metal: Sterling silverStones: Genuine cushion-cut yellow citrineOther Stones: Genuine round white topazGallery Height: 5.7mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
What it is:A hair serum for damaged lengths and ends.What it is formulated to do:This powerful Repairing Serum fills gaps on hairs outer layer to smooth the surface and restore shine. While repairing and protecting damaged ends, it creates a silky, supple finish and gives the feeling of a fresh, new haircut.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is cruelty-free.Research results:After a 4-week test:- 75% of women reported split ends were repaired- 72% of women reported ends felt softer Suggested Usage:-On towel-dried hair or dry hair apply a drop of serum to the lengths and ends.-Smooth into hair, focusing on the ends.-Do not rinse.-Style as usual. Size1.04 oz Ingredients​-Botanical Keratin-Hyaluronic Acid-Rice Brand Ceramides-Silk PeptidesViola Tricolor Extract, Orbignya Speciosa Kernel Oil, Cetearyl Alcohol, Water, Polyquaternium-37, Gossypium Herbaceum (Cotton) Seed Oil, Isodecyl Neopentanoate, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Glycerin, Punica Granatum Seed Extract, Fragrance, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Astrocaryum Murumuru Seed Butter, Hydrolyzed Sericin, Hydrolyzed Corn Protein, Hydrolyzed Soy Protein, Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, Hydrolyzed Hyaluronic Acid, Butylene Glycol, Pentylene Glycol, Hydroxyproplytrimonium Honey, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Atelocollagen, Potassium Sorbate, Chitosan, Tocopherol, Sphingolipids, Cyclodextrin, Dextrin, Chlorphenesin, Methylisothiazolinone, Phenoxyethanol.
She will love to pretend that she is the princess of the sea in this adorable swimsuit. UPF 50+ tank style with 2 straps cross stitching with ruffle detail polyester/elastane washable imported
Get out there and just do it with our comfortable short-sleeve tee, designed with performance in mind. crewneck short sleeves regular fit cotton/polyester washable imported
The Ninja MEGA Kitchen System provides professional performance and power in the single-serve cup, 8-cup processor bowl or 72-ounce pitcher. This professional-quality powerhouse comes packed with a 2+ horsepower motor that handles limitless tasks in seconds, freeing you to focus on cooking, serving and savoring. 1500-watts of power can handle frozen blending, food processing, dough making and nutrient-complete juicing makes 2 pounds of dough in under 30 seconds BPA free Includes: 8-cup food processing bowl 72-ounce professional blender jar 2 single-serve cups 1500 watts. AC current. Plastic/metal. Measures 18.7x11.4x16.3H. Imported. 
Regimental stripes cut loose in bold, unexpected combinations for a silk tie that gives your office look a fresh new angle.   3¼ wide; 62 long silk dry clean only imported
The NuWave Oven Pro Plus takes advantage of triple combo cooking power to cook foods quickly and deliciously. It uses conduction heat—just like a conventional oven with convection heat—which circulates hot air around the food, and infrared heat—which penetrates food, cooking on the outside and inside simultaneously. uses conduction heat and infrared heat allows you to bake, broil, barbecue, roast, grill, steam, dehydrate and air-fry all in one convenient appliance includes Quick & Easy Guide, complete cookbook and instructional DVD Includes: 3 stainless steel extender ring 2 cooking rack Plastic/metal. Measures 15¼x15¼x12¼H. Dishwasher safe parts; base wipes clean. Imported.
Luxury and technology unite in this luxurious heated throw designed with faux micro mink on one side and plush sherpa on the other.    6 temperature settings automatic shutoff after 10 hours extra-long cord hemmed faux micro mink and plush sherpa polyester with polyester fill 50x62 washable imported
With a luxurious damask jacquard in subtle tones, this comforter set will create elegant appeal in your bedroom.   solid color on back features a luxurious motif 7-piece set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop 3 decorative pillows Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full and Queen sets include two standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include two king shams. Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt. Comforter and shams are washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Full comforter: 80x90 Queen comforter: 92x96 King comforter: 110x96 Cal. King comforter: 104x100
Get more comfort out of your cold-weather workouts in these light and soft fleece pants with climawarm™ technology. climawarm™ moisture management technology sits at waist regular fit through seat and thigh elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets left leg logo polyester washable imported
Metal: Silver, 10K white gold, 10K yellow gold, 14K white gold, 14K yellow gold Stones: Simulated gemstones Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 cable chain Pendant Size: 16.8x17.2mm Personalization: Select 2 birthstones, with 2 engravings of up to 8 characters each. Choose two birthstones. Use the letter key below to represent the months.  Selection must be made using capitalized letters:  A=JanuaryB=FebruaryC=MarchD=AprilE=MayF=JuneG=JulyH=AugustI=SeptemberJ=OctoberK=NovemberL=December Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Hit the beach with confidence in our cute and sporty swim shorts. 2 front zip pockets 2 back Velcro® pockets polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
You'll have springtime on your mind with this bright multicolor flower and gold-tone stretch bracelet. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Multicolor glass stones  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our v-neck tank top is made from comfy cotton and features a feminine cut shaped to fit your curves. v-neck 27 length 100% cotton washable imported
The length of this snake chain pendant necklace makes it perfect for layering or wearing alone. Metal: Silver-tone metalClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 28 long chainPendant Size: 7/8x1¾ Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Beautiful hairstyles are yours with this nano tourmaline ceramic curling iron. You'll get 24-hour curl control even in humid conditions. nano tourmaline ceramic technology reduces frizz and flyaways protects hair from damage powerful ceramic heater provides ultra-high heat up to 400ºF uniform heat recovery button design prevents accidental shutoff 30-second instant heat-up auto off professional tangle-free swivel cord 5 LED temperature settings includes bonus heat shield Metal/plastic. Measures 14⅝x2½x5½H. Wipe clean. Imported.  
The lightweight Hoover WindTunnel bagless upright uses patented technology to remove embedded dirt and minimize scatter.   fabulous filtration system features a rinseable filter high-quality HEPA filter traps 99.7% of dirt, dust and pollens down to 0.3 microns deep recline handle lets machine lay flat to clean under furniture cleanable HEPA, cyclonic filters 14' of cleaning reach 30' power cord Tools included: 3-1 combination tool 12 extension wand crevice tool upholstery/dusting brush 12' extension hose Measures 12x12x43½H and weighs 12 lbs. Some assembly required. Imported.
The classic espadrille sandal gets a chic update with a wedge pump and flower-detailed canvas upper. synthetic textile upper 3” heel 5/8” platform height secure buckle strap near ankle round close toe rubber/textile sole
Let your little fan of the Force show off his affinity for the Dark Side with this tie featuring Darth Vader. graphic print 2 5/8 wide 49 long polyester spot clean only imported 
Look sharp in our utility shirt, featuring a pointed collar and two concealed chest pockets.  button front with pointed collar short sleeves 2 concealed chest pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Let there be light with this floor lamp that's inspired by antique designs and looks regal with any styled room. antique brass finish glass shade in champagne-colored finish 3-way twist switch Polyresin base and column. Measures 71½H. Glass shade is 5¼H with a 16¼ top diameter. Uses one 150W bulb, not included. Assembly required. Imported. CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: A Title 20-compliant floor lamp with an on/off switch will be shipped to the state of California and include a CFL bulb.
Smooth leather and an extra-capacity design make this classic leather wallet the perfect choice for carrying your cash and cards. extra-capacity design slim fold embossed Levi’s logo double row stitch along edges 3 card pockets ID window bill compartment synthetic coating/lining 100% leather spot clean imported 
The perfect topper for warm-weather looks, this ruffled bucket hat is suitable for special occasions and outdoor events. polyester spot clean only made in America
This sweater vest with tonal argyle print provides a stylish layer of warmth in fluctuating weather. regular fit v-neck long sleeves left chest logo embroidery acrylic washable imported
Make a big batch of smoothies, frozen drinks or even salsa with this 7-speed blender. The jar fits conveniently in your refrigerator door and includes a snap-open spout on the lid for easy serving. pre-programmed blender with 7 speeds including pulse 7-cup glass jar is thermal shock tested to withstand extreme temperature changes Oster , drive provides lasting durability includes Oster Helpful Tips manual 450 watts. Measures 8.5x10.3x13.9H. Glass jar is dishwasher safe; hand wash other parts. Imported. 
Maximize your work performance with our Durashocks work boots from Wolverine, packed to the brim with premium comfort technology.   technology Durashocks® removable full-cushion insole dual-density Durashocks® slip-resistant outsole Goodyear® Welt construction for durability construction leather upper synthetic sole details 10 shaft lace up nylon shank D (Medium) 2E (Wide)
Cute as a button, these ladybug earrings with colorful crystals will give your everyday style a dash of whimsy and stroke of good luck.Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: Red, black and white crystalsBack: FrictionDimensions: .26x.38 longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Take your fandom to the next level with this handsome Star Wars® watch with a sleek black strap and amazing character dial. Brand: Star Wars®  Dial Color: Black Strap: Black plastic links rubber strap Movement: Quartz Model No.: 117865153 Special Features: Star Wars® dial Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Head out in the sun in style with our white straw fedora with a red and blue band. band straw spot clean imported
Keep your feet happy with our soft tufted bath rugs. They're available in a variety of complementary colors to suit your style.   ultra-soft 1 pile microfiber polyester  durable, tufted design resists matting nonskid latex backing Each rug sold separately. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Available in sizes 17x24, 21x34, or 27x45
Enjoy classic khaki style and cargo-pocket convenience with these versatile pants from Dockers.   classic fit straight leg cotton washable imported  
Add a luxurious focal point to your personal sanctuary with this lovely headboard featuring symmetrical scooped shape and neutral hue that complements your decor. sturdy wood and plywood frame butt-joint joinery filled with polyurethane foam and polyester fiber batting attaches to most King or California King beds Upholstery is 90% polyester/10% cotton. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 81Wx4Dx54H. Assembly required. Imported.
Bursting with vibrant color, this purple amethyst and diamond-accent ring set in 14K white gold will make any look pop.   Metal: 14K white gold Stone: 4x6mm oval heat-treated genuine purple amethyst Other Stones: Diamond-accents   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bring some island style to your wardrobe no matter the season with this short-sleeve camp shirt from Island Shores.   point collar front chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
A modern contrast to a dark suit and a complementary accent to a light one, these socks are an effortless way to show classic good taste and style.   modern crew style comfort fit rayon/polyester/rubber/spandex/other fiber washable imported sock size 10-13, fits shoe size 7-12
Keep your face cool and your hair styled in this visor.   synthetic spot clean imported
The Precious Moments Quincinera crown pendant is one she will cherish the rest of her life. A sweet design features open-detailing in sterling silver with hearts, the number “15”, and diamond accents.    Metal: Sterling silver Metal Color: White Stone: Diamond accents Closure: Spring-ring clasp Length: 18” baby box chain   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The set of 4 martini glasses in the Mikasa Laura Collection features clear elegant crystal that will shine beautifully in the light. This high-quality European-made crystal will coordinate beautifully with any dinnerware or flatware pattern. Crafted of superior quality material, offering long lasting use, this casual drinkware is great for everyday use or entertaining occasions. lead-free crystal dishwasher safe 11½-oz. capacity set of 4 imported
These thoughtful stamps bring nostalgia and contemporary crafting together. For seasonal designs or a nature-loving look any time, these falling leaves are a lovely selection.   vintage-style images for your paper crafts great for using with Tim’s signature distressing techniques must-have addition to your stamping collection red rubber stamps are mounted on cling foam so you can use with any acrylic block stamps come in a 3-hole punched sheet for easy storage package contains one 8½x7 sheet of stamps made in America
A simple touch, this open ring with cultured freshwater pearl and trendy arrow is a classic beauty for any day of the week.Metal: 14K yellow goldPearl Type: Cultured freshwater pearlPearl Color: WhitePearl Size: 6.5-7mmSize: 7 onlyRing is only available at jcp.com in size 7.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail
Stick with the quality and comfort you repeatedly rely on with our IZOD advantage polo shirt. flat knit collar short sleeves button placket left chest logo cotton/polyester washable imported
She’ll be fit to join Nemo, Marlin and Dory with our super comfy, all-cotton dress. sleeveless trapeze style wide contrasting collar silver threading details 100% cotton washable imported
This intriguing necklace will play a leading role in your everyday fashion drama. Featuring a gleaming gold-tone chain, the genuine, dyed green jade is sure to steal the show.   Metal: Gold-tone brass Stones: Genuine dyed green jade Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 18 chain Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This sophisticated wallet folio for the iPhone 6 features multiple slots for ID, credit cards and cash, and has a hidden magnetic closure. You never have to remove your phone from the form-fitting interior and it folds into a stand for easy viewing. wallet folio design hidden magnetic closure impact resistant ultra slim folds into a stand contemporary design faux leather wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 5x2¾x½ imported   iPhone 6 is a registered trademark of Apple, Inc.
This men's chain and bracelet set is perfectly styled with a versatile two-tone stainless steel design, allowing for an easy transition from work to play. Arrives in a keepsake box, ready for gift giving. Metal: Two-tone stainless steel Closure: Lobster clasp Length: Chain: 22, bracelet: 9 Width: 3.5mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Watch heads turn when you walk in the room in our sleeveless halter bodycon dress, which is sleek, alluring and figure-flattering. roundneck back zip 36 length from shoulder lined polyester/spandex washable imported
The new, innovative paddle on the Cuisinart automatic ice cream maker helps you whip up frozen treats in less than 20 minutes. And the maker's extra-large capacity ensures you'll have more than enough to feed the whole crew. Just add ingredients to the bowl, press on, and the machine does the rest.   patent-pending paddle design mixes more efficiently heavy-duty motor and double insulated freezer bowl help ensure perfect results easy-lock lid with large spout  50W. Imported.
What it is: A waterproof liquid eyeliner for intense non-stop color.What it does: Rich in polymers, this superior eyeliner offers an impeccable hold that guarantees water-, tear-, and smudge-proof color. Its ergonomic, foam-tip applicator is designed to resemble a makeup brush handle for the quickest, easiest, and most accurate application. What else you need to know: Waterproof, highly pigmented, and smudge-proof, the Aqua collection of long-lasting lip and eye colors was created for the Parisian Aquatic Ballet. Tested under water for five hours, Make Up For Ever’s longest wearing makeup has an extensive palette of high-performance colors with non-stop results. This product is fragrance free and ophthalmologist tested.Size:0.058 ozIngredients​Water, Butylene Glycol, Styrene/Acrylates/Ammonium Methacrylate Copolymer, Bis-PEG/PPG-16/16 PEG/PPG-16/16 Dimethicone, Sorbitol, Laureth-2 Benzoate, Sodium Laureth-12 Sulfate, PEG-6 Caprylic/Capric Glycerides, Ammonium Hydroxide, Sodium Cocoyl Apple Amino Acids, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Sodium Polyacrylate, Coconut Acid, Hexylene Glycol, Trisodium EDTA, Sodium Chloride, Disodium EDTA, Benzyl Alcohol, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Methylparaben, Potassium Sorbate, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Mica, Silica, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Tin Oxide, [??? CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 75470 (Carmine), CI 77000 (Aluminum Powder), CI 77007 (Ultramarines), CI 77163 (Bismuth Oxychloride), CI 77288 (Chromium Oxide Greens), CI 77289 (Chromium Hydroxide Green), CI 77400 (Bronze Powder), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77510 (Ferric Ferrocyanide), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide)].
Keep him cool in these twill shorts from Okie Dokie. Perfect for play or any casual occasion, these relaxed fit shorts are comfortable and durable.   elastic waistband 2 side pockets flat front relaxed fit reenforced stress areas for durability   cotton washable  imported
Our pull-on cropped pants are perfect for when you want to look your best without sacrificing comfort.●    elastic waist●    pique ankle●    midrise●    slim fit●    rayon/nylon/spandex●    machine wash, line dry●    imported  
Our shorts feature a camo print and cutoff bottom hem for a cool look that never goes out of style. button fly closure regular fit low rise 5-pocket styling 2½-3½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
The paneled detail on top of our sleeveless trapeze top is both eye-catching and elegant. v-neck back button closure approx. 30 5/8-32¼ length polyester/spandex washable imported
Our top features dolman sleeves and crochet details for an ultra-femme look. cami not included, but recommended  scoopneck short sleeves crochet details 27 length rayon binding: rayon/spandex washable imported
Heated with two bubble settings, this easy-to-use foot bath lets you soothe and revitalize your feet in the comfort of your own home.   toe-touch control pedicure attachment included splashguard with massage nodes dry foot massage option non-slip rubber feet extra-deep design for added comfort and convenience Plastic/metal. Imported.
Side slits give a sleek update to the elongating silhouette of our maxi skirt. Wear it with a relaxed top for an ultra-cool style. wide elastic waistband misses: 38 length tall: 41½ length rayon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
She'll adore this romantic 14K yellow gold over sterling silver necklace, which offers lab-created heart-shaped rubies surrounded by sparkling lab-created white sapphires.   Metal: 14K yellow gold sterling silver Stones: 6x6mm and 5x5mm lab-created heart-shaped rubies Other Stones: 1.25mm lab-created round white sapphires Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long box chain   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Find your happy place in this soft cotton tee from No Bad Days. crewneck short sleeves cotton washable imported
  Whether you're playing hoops or just love the look, our Xersion basketball shorts are a popular look and feel for you.   drawstring and elastic waistband regular fit 12 inseam polyester washable imported
Featuring Ocean Current’s signature tropical patterns, this black and white hoodie is perfect casual weekend wear. cotton/polyester washable imported
With classic plaid, unique buckles and comfy shorts, this preppy plaid skort earns an A+ in Style 101. 2 side buckles polyester washable imported
Stafford basic blended-fabric tees are the ultimate in easy care.   super soft, quick drying, durable fabric preshrunk for lasting fit reinforced durable stitching tag free cotton/polyester washable imported
It takes one step at a time to reach your fitness goals, so get going with this pedometer sport watch that tracks distance and calories burned as you walk around the neighborhood or track. Brand: Everlast Dial Color: Gray Strap: Yellow/black silicone Movement: Quartz Case Width: 47mm Case Thickness: 14mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 22mm wide Model No.: EVWPD003YE Special Features: Stopwatch; alarm; measures distance traveled; tracks calories burned; auto sleep; EL backlight Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our pants feature a double waistband with trouser hooks and a straight leg for a comfortable, professional look. ●    double waistband with trouser hooks●    straight leg●    mid rise●    30 inseam●    rayon/nylon/spandex●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
Spice up your wardrobe with our fun printed leggings to add a little pop and excitement under your favorite dress or tunic. wide waistband cotton/elastane/spandex 27 inseam washable imported
Our traditional slipper accent chair features elegant button tufting, stylish yet comfortable curved back and tapered legs. solid mixed hardwood and wood construction corner-blocked and glued joinery warm espresso finish on legs for a modern style linen-look fabric brings soft texture into room individually wrapped pocket coils, Pirelli webbing and no-sag spring system cushions handy lock easy-connect assembly system that involves simple slide and click installation in minutes overall: 25Wx33Dx36H
Designed for work but styled for every day, these light and comfortable twill shorts will hold up to your most demanding activities.   resists wrinkles stain release flex fabric slim fit sits below waist zip front with hook and eye closure front slant pockets multi-use cell phone pocket back welt pockets (1 with button) 11 inseam polyester/cotton washable imported
Add natural beauty to your window with this versatile bamboo cordless roman shade.   cordless product safe for homes with young children and pets designed for increased privacy filters light to create a warm glow Bamboo. Window must be at least 1.125 deep for inside mount; 2.25 deep for flush inside mount. Mounting hardware included. Dust to clean. Imported.
These suit pants have season-spanning style in a resilient fabric that won’t get road-weary. And they’re machine washable, too. crease-resistant and resilient fabric classic fit zip fly with button tab and hook-and-eye closure flat front front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets lined to the knee hemmed fabric: wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported
A candlestick lamp that recalls the charm of Victorian decorative style, our glass globe table lamp features two crackle glass onion domes and ornately carved base and stem in antique gold. With a round bell shade in beige silk-weave texture and contrasting trim, it is the perfect accent for traditional and country interiors. ●    set of 2●    antique gold painted neck●    beige shade●    rotary switch●    59.6 cord●    glass●    polyester shade●    12x12x24H●    requires 1 CFL 13W bulb, included●    minor assembly required●    imported  
Within minutes of relaxing on the luxurious softness of this heated sherpa mattress pad, you’ll wonder what you ever did without it.   automatic shutoff after 10 hours save money and energy by turning down thermostat at night 10 heat settings single control on twin and full sizes dual controls on queen and king sizes memory control for favorite heat setting stretch-fit skirt fits up to a 22” mattress self hem Polyester with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: 39x75 Full: 54x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 76x80
Travel the world in confidence with this precision timepiece. Atomic clock synchronization combines with a perpetual calendar to track the time in 26 different time zones. A silver-tone, five-link bracelet band with mother-of-pearl dial is easy to dress up or dress down. Powered by natural and artificial light with a built-in power reserve indicator, this Eco-Drive watch requires no battery changes ever.   Brand: Citizen® Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Strap: Silver-tone stainless steel Clasp: Deployment buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 39mm Case Thickness: 11mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7¾ long, 21mm wide Model No.: FC0000-59D Special Features: Atomic timekeeping, synchronized time adjustment in 26 time zones, perpetual calendar, dual time, power reserve indicator, scratch-resistant sapphire crystal, day/date/24-hr. displays, alarm, Eco-Drive technology, 10ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
You’re always a winner with this sporty graphic t-shirt that shows your love of soccer. cotton/polyester washable imported
This flatweave rug with a gorgeous center medallion is perfect for covering high-traffic spaces, both indoors and out.   all weather rug is pet friendly and mold and mildew resistant power-loomed construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Belgium 0.51 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: None Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor or outdoor Care Instructions: Hose off to clean Origin: Imported  
Add some extra visual interest with this 100% silk tie that features floral polka dots. extra long 3¼ wide, 62 long 100% silk dry clean imported
Fringe, metallic threads and ruffled edges bring a lot of glam to this oblong scarf. acrylic/other hand wash, dry flat imported
Take your casual look to the next level in our flattering bootcut jeans with embellished back flap pockets.   five-pocket styling bootcut legs 33 inseam cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported  
With tubular stitching, our mesh sweater is perfect for couch-surfing or dressing casually cool. roundneck approx. 23¼ - 25¼ front length cotton/nylon/viscose machine wash, dry flat imported
Featuring a fun and bright floral pattern, this sweet sleeveless romper is the perfect outfit for your little one to roll around in on those warm and sunny days. roundneck elastic waist with bow polyester washable imported
With a fun braided design and soft feel, these microfiber boot socks beg to be worn with any outfit. package of 3 pairs one size fits most rounded toe polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported
The Parker woven jacquard shower curtain can elevate the ambiance of your bathroom with simple texture and a tasteful design.   elegant jacquard weave in solid color easy-care, durable fabric shower curtain liner recommended Polyester. Measures 72x72L. Washable. Imported.
With their hidden-wedge design and buckle-strap styling, these booties will keep you looking hot in cooler months. synthetic or fabric upper 3½ heel 2 shaft height side elastic insets inside zipper cushioned insole rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
There’s a chance you’re looking for a good pick-me-up in the morning and these personalized mugs offer the type of clever fun to do just that. bottom line may be printed with a custom word (12-character maximum) 20-ounce capacity set of 2 ceramic microwave and dishwasher safe imported
Our travel kit has a soft feel and beautiful contrast stitching detail, which creates a great look that matches the large storage and functionality. hanger that folds out for easy hanging 3 zipper pockets 2 storage pockets 3.5x9x8.25H polyurethane wipe clean imported
Whether he's out on a run, playing on the court, or just hanging out with his buddies, these athletic shorts will keep him cool and comfortable so he can be at his very best.   relaxed fit 10 inseam internal drawstring polyester washable imported
These classic highball glasses are a unique addition to any beverageware collection thanks to their hand-blown design.   slight imperfections and textures make each glass unique individually formed and crafted by hand 17-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Escape to sunny skies and sandy beaches in our sporty palm print tankini swim top. racerback soft cups partially lined nylon/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Featuring spaghetti straps and an embroidered design at the neck, our sleeveless alternative-hem dress offers the fun and flowy look you want. high neckline one-button keyhole back approx. 40-51 length from shoulder lined polyester washable imported
Window treatments are a great way to introduce added textures in a room. No matter what your style, texture can create drama or simply add character to your home’s décor. The Peeking Vine grommet-top sheer panel by Martha Stewart brings the outside in, creating a natural look that frames your window beautifully.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart textured with floral embroidery low-twist fabric feels pleasingly soft easy to hang and slide on a rod 8 grommets spaced 4 apart 3 bottom hem; 1 side hem MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at jcpenney Cool white and roman stone colors feature silver grommets.Restoration green color features oil-rubbed bronze grommets.   Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
What it is:A kohl pencil with an exceptionally smooth texture that can be used to achieve diverse looks, from dramatic to subtle.What it does:Soft, smooth and easy to apply, this pencil is specfically adapted to the sensitive and thin skin surrounding and inside the eye. Its formula is a particularly gentle blend of vegetable lipids, vitamin E, mango seed oil, hydrogenated cottonseed oil, and jojoba oil to keep the skin around the eyes hydrated. Suitable for even the most sensitive eyes. Size0.04 oz
Bring an eclectic look to your tabletop with this bold dinnerware set and its unique floral medallion pattern surrounded by intricately sketched line borders. durable stoneware construction microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 11 dinner plates four 8¼ salad plates four 6 soup bowls four 14-ounce mugs Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Find your happy place in our scuff-style knit slippers boasting that extra fluffiness your feet deserve after those long days. acrylic knit upper polyester furpa lining slip-on scuffs hand wash, dry flat rubber sole S (5-6); M (7-8); L (9-10)
The Old Dutch rectangular stainless steel food pan holds a lot of food and looks great doing it and is designed for use with the Old Dutch 893 rectangular décor copper chafing dish.   generous 8-quart capacity makes it ideal for large gatherings oven-safe to 350ºF elegant braided trim on edge Hand wash. Imported.
Smooth, sleek white gold curves around the ⅛ ct. t.w. diamond sparkler for an unbeatable focal point on this necklace.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K white gold Stones: ⅛ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: K-L Clarity: SI2-I1 Setting: Bar Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 box chain Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Get a cushioned, comfortable fit with our Nike crew socks.  great breathability and softness full-cushioned footbed wide welt to prevent slouching bold, oversize logo cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported sock sizes 10-13 fit shoe sizes 8-12
Polish up your professional style with this modern, slim-fit shirt and matching tie set from JF J. Ferrar. includes shirt and tie easy-care performance specially sewn seams lay flat and resist puckering double fold placket spread collar durable, reinforced cross-stitched buttons adjustable cuffs long shirttail stays tucked shirt: cotton/polyester; washable tie: polyester; dry clean only imported
Metal: Two-tone brassStones: Genuine oval sapphiresOther Stones: Diamond accentsClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 7.25 long; 5mm wide Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
You'll be fit to flirt in these skinny jeans. The 524™ Skinny Jeans feature a low rise and are slim through the hip and thigh with a skinny leg.   super soft, super stretchy denim low rise slim through hip and thigh skinny leg narrow straight-cut waistband skinny leg with 11½ opening 7¼ front rise; 12⅜ back rise waterside, darkness and twilight: cotton/polyester/viscose/elastane all other colors: cotton/elastane washable imported juniors: 32 inseam juniors short: 30 inseam juniors long: 34 inseam 
Soft and supportive, this comfort devotion bra will become one of her go-to favorites. polyester/spandex washable imported
Slip into comfort and style with these flexible and lightweight slip-on sneakers, which are specially formulated for traction and durability. mesh upper and lining 1 heel TravelTek™ EVA sole
Our classic hoop earrings with diamond-cut details catch the light to add a bit of glimmer to your princess's day. Metal: 14K yellow goldBack: HingeDimensions: 13x13mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Keep all of your baby's essentials organized and at hand with this style savvy bag, featuring plenty of spacious compartments, a changing mat and removable pockets for added convenience. includes changing mat, removable insulated pocket, removable transparent pocket, removable pacifier pocket, adjustable stroller harness large top opening side zip pocket elastic side pocket 18.5x9.46x15.76H polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Versatile, comfortable and easy to wear, our mid-rise, wide-leg gaucho is ideal for your stylish wardrobe.●    flat front●    relaxed fit●    21 inseam●    rayon/polyester●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
Keep a cozy, style-right layer on hand with this sporty pullover hoodie, featuring soft construction and a kangaroo pocket. mesh-lined hood long sleeves kangaroo pocket polyester washable imported
This fully loaded coffee bar will make anything from a cup of java to specialty drinks. It remembers your brew settings and you can choose your desired size and strength. It's perfect for entertaining.   beautiful design choose-a-size option choose-a-brew option Ninja® Easy Frother Thermal Flavor Extraction™ Technology Auto-iQ™ remembers your brew settings 2-hour auto shutoff removable water reservoir permanent filter 40-recipe book included instruction book included 43-oz. double-wall stainless steel carafe keeps coffee hot for up to 2 hours 1400 watts stainless steel/plastic/rubber 13.5x11.4x16.26H hand wash imported
Rolling laptop case easily transports your essentials, from the airport to the office and to home.   main compartment contains a removable padded CheckFast sleeve that holds up to 15.6 laptops cushioned carry handles removable, adjustable shoulder strap Leather. Measures 18 x 15.25 x 15.13H. Imported.
Timeless and comfortable, our belted Bermuda shorts are sure to be a warm-weather staple. ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Your daughter's bedroom is a place for her to dream her biggest dreams. This comforter set will let her get lost in dreamland where hearts grow on trees and bunnies hop in fields of polka dots.    cotton-rich comforter is beautifully printed and embellished with 3 charming appliqués printed sham has 2 tie closures on each side that can be tied into cute bows 2-piece Twin set includes: comforter sham 3-piece Full set includes: comforter 2 shams Twin and Full sets include standard shams. Cotton/polyester comforter and shams. Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x86 Full: comforter is 78x88
Our wrap tank top is the perfect blend of pretty and professional. roundneck approx. 27 7/8-29 13/16 length polyester washable imported
On-trend gladiator sandals dazzle in the sun with rhinestone accents. polyurethane upper back zip rhinestone decorated straps thermoplastic rubber sole
Daring meets darling in pretty yet provocative cornflower blue. This sparking nail polish bares all with a wink and a smile and no strings attached. chip-resistant formula free of DBP, toluene and formaldehyde Made in America. How to use: Apply a thin layer of base coat followed by two coats of polish. Add a layer of special effects top coat for a sparkling finish. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Featuring five modular sections to give you maximum adjustability, this foundation was designed with individualized comfort in mind.   wall-gliding design allows bed to adjust without contacting the wall soothing 2-zone body massage features variable styles for relaxation amenities include LED nightlight, USB/AC ports and wireless remote Cover is polyester. Made in America. Twin XL: 38x79½x9H Queen: 60x79½x9H King: 38x79½x9H (each) Cal. King: 36x83½x9H (each)
A fluently chic quality is key to the timeless style of our eye-catching crochet sweater. We recommend wearing a tank top or cami underneath (shown with tank, not included). round neckline pointelle with tuck stitching ramie/cotton washable imported
Rock out with the women of punk in this cool concert flyer tee from the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame + Museum™. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Ideal with sneaks or pumps, our casually chic, straight-leg jeans feature hidden interior tummy-control to help slim and shape your waistline. Secretly Slender Technology is designed with a built-in panel to flatten and instantly slim your tummy sits just below waist fitted through hip and thigh zip-and-button fly 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 32 inseam petite: 31 inseam
Enrich the beauty of your home with this stunning woven shade is created with Roman style construction and made from natural reeds and bamboo.   includes 6” valance made of natural reeds and bamboo Roman style construction Bamboo. Window must be at least 2½ deep for flush inside mount. Brush clean to remove dust. Imported.  FREE SWATCH: If you would like to receive a swatch of the fabric prior to ordering the item, please e-mail customerservice@phaseii.com to receive a sample swatch of fabric. Please include your name, address, item description and color that corresponds with your selection. Allow 5 days to receive the swatch. Custom blinds, shades and draperies are custom fabricated to your specifications. To receive a refund, you must cancel the order within 24 hours of the initial transaction.
Let your little princess show off her royal nature with this cute cotton tee featuring a graphic print of all her favorite princesses. gel glitter detail outline on princesses crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
You'll want to wear our Alfred Dunner pull-on pants again and again thanks to their casual look and comfortable style. high rise flat front elastic waist 27 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
With the look of the classics you can never go wrong; which is why our Liz Claiborne Henley shirt with feminine touches is your go-to for work and weekend. v-neck with placket gathered shoulders short sleeves approx. 23¾ length rayon/polyester washable imported
Colorful, full-zip Nike basketball jacket keeps the moisture out so you'll stay dry, regardless of the weather.   Dri-FIT fabric wicks away moisture to help keep you dry and comfortable Stay Cool technology helps keep you from overheating mockneck elastic cuffs and hem left chest logo embroidery side-entry zipper pockets polyester washable imported
Celebrating the happy holidays, this rug features a gleeful snowman and reindeers enjoying the seasonal snow. printed construction durable polyester 0.05 overall thickness measures 30x18 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: No Rug Backing: Latex Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Imported
School's in and our short-sleeve button-front uniform shirt is a study in superior style.   chest pocket cotton washable imported 
Enriched with natural extracts from coconut oil, shea butter, and aloe, these moisturizing, quick-absorbing hand creams will leave your skin feeling soft and silky. Inspired by the Mediterranean seductress, Cleopatra captivates the senses. Used in the famous Queen’s beauty rituals, the watery cucumber and sweet grapefruit leave a sweet, clean scent. A Parisian beauty and sophisticate, Florence is an alluring combination of Italian bergamot and crushed violet petals. Ivory gardenia combined with blonde wood evokes a sophisticated and feminine scent. Inspired by the French novelist and libertine, Colette captures the seductive essence of a woman. Warm, spicy and sweet, it is the perfect fragrance for the sensual woman in us all. Liliana conjures a reveler in the bloom of youth. An intoxicating bouquet of muguet, gardenia, and peony wafts from the gardens, filling the night with joie de vivre. Sparkling notes of the tropical frangipani flower cut through the salt sea air, as Simone unfolds into creamy layers of watermelon, ylang ylang, and blonde woods. This set contains: - 5 x 1 oz Hand Creams in Cleopatra, Florence, Colette, Liliana, Simone What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens
Make Tiffany's iconic dragonflies the center of attention in your living room with this lamp featuring a generously sized dome shade with a leaf pattern at the top and iridescent green dragonflies set end to end.   antique bronze finish decorative resin base hand-cut copper-foiled glass shade beautifully cased column with decorative embossing curved feet at the base pull chains Resin. Measures 24½H. Glass shade is 8H with a 14 bottom diameter and 3 top diameter. Uses two 60W type A bulbs, max., not included. Imported. CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: In order to successfully complete your transaction, you must select the Table Lamp with CFL Bulb option. Title 20-compliant lamps will be shipped to the state of California and include CFL bulbs. About Dale Tiffany More than a century ago, Louis Comfort Tiffany developed innovative new glasswork techniques that enabled him to create the meticulously ornate designs he became so well known for. And now for decades, Dale Tiffany has carried on that tradition of craftsmanship by using the same opalescent glass and copper foil techniques to produce exquisite illuminated works of art. To this day, each Dale Tiffany stained glass piece is handcrafted using these painstaking processes, ensuring that no two pieces are exactly alike. We invite you to enjoy our stunning selection of Dale Tiffany products made exclusively for JCPenney.  
You'll want to lounge around all day in our adorable two-piece Earth Angels pajama set. v-neck with satin ribbon sleeveless elastic waistband and drawstring cotton/polyester washable imported
Metal: Rose-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: .7x1.25  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Create a luxurious atmosphere in you room with this waterfall valance that exemplifies sophistication. 3 rod pocket faux-silk feel and shine lined and interlined for an enhanced weight and feel onion fringe trim Measures 42x37L. Sold individually (three shown). Curtain panels sold separately. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Our Berkshire pantyhose feature a control top for a smooth, firm look and sheer Shimmers legs for a hint of a sparkle. control top for a smooth, firm look Pana-fit® with a stretch panel for freedom to bend and move Shimmers leg gives a hint of sparkle sandalfoot for open-toe shoes control top: nylon/LYCRA® spandex legs: nylon hand wash, line dry made in America  
As well-worn as old friends, our boyfriend jeans won't let a few rips and tears stand between you. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 30 inseam cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported 
Go ahead and add a bright spot to your day with our vividly colored curtain panel. Its room-darkening liner also controls light and privacy.   invitingly soft, silk-like fabric 8 easy-to-slide grommets 4 header, 3 bottom hem, 1 side hem 1 1/2 grommet openings Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Polyester with polyester lining. Washable. Imported. 
Let these flattering pants boost your confidence. slim fit mid rise zip and button closures 29 inseam front and back pockets polyester/rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Look Red Hot with this potent, problem-solving solution that is powered with special correction zones to target the most stubborn problem areas. Maximum-power mesh offers the utmost support so you can feel confident when you wear it with your shortest hemlines.   ultra-slimming control concentrated correction zone flattens tummy maximum-power mesh for under-bust support open-bust style works with any bra nylon/spandex/elastane body and lining cotton gusset, exclusive of trim machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #1136
Our high-rise jeggings are the perfect choice whether you're keeping it casual or dreaming up a dressier look. 2 back pockets 30 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Find your own style with this black-and-white tee by Arizona. crewneck short sleeves polar bear aztec pocket, washed black, black graphic and polar bear pocket have pocket washed black: This garment has a special finish. The wash and dye process are uniquely created by hand. Each piece may vary in appearance. polar bear aztec, polar bear pocket: cotton/polyester all others: 100% cotton washable imported
Sail away to dreamland every night with this coastal-themed comforter set. beach-inspired seashell and starfish print in blue brushed twill background in white reverses to yarn-dyed stripe in blue and white striped bedskirt in blue and white 3-piece Twin sets include: comforter sham bedskirt with 15 drop 4-piece Full, Queen, King and Cal. King sets include: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin, Full and Queen sets include standard sham(s). King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton sham(s) and bedskirt. Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 72x90; sham is 26x20 bedskirt is 39x75 Full: comforter is 80x90; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 54x75 Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 60x80 King: comforter is 108x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 78x80 Cal. King: comforter is 108x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 72x84 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is designed to fit the specific type you order.
The Dual Mag® headcover from Callaway® is the perfect way to keep your club covered. The innovative dual magnet design makes it as easy as possible to get your club out of and back into its headcover. Hybrid cover fits all current large headed models. fairway wood and driver headcovers sold separately synthetic leather 10.5x4.6x3H wipe clean with dry cloth imported
What it is: A set of statement essentials in a travel-friendly makeup bag for a seductive after-hours look.What it does: Unleash your sophisticated seductress with this enviable selection of tarte’s bestsellers for the eyes, cheeks, and lips. This incredible lineup makes a bold statement through enticing pigment, ultra-crisp definition, and long wear that will last through any enchanting adventure. This Set Contains:- 0.034 oz Lights, Camera, Lashes™ Precision Longwear Liquid Liner in Black - 0.16 oz Lights, Camera, Flashes™ Statement Mascara in Black- 0.31 oz Amazonian Colored Clay Bronzer Blush in Park Ave Princess™ (pink bronze)- 0.01 oz Best in Faux Lash Extending Fibers- 0.10 oz Lipsurgence™ Lip Tint in Moody (deep berry)- Limited-edition Picture Perfect™ Eyelash Curler- Limited-edition travel makeup bagWhat it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Phthalates
The Nike Dri-FIT no-show socks give you the moisture-wicking performance and cushioned support you need.   dri-FIT® moisture technology wicking keeps feet cool and dry maximum breathability cushioned footbed for comfort arch compression for perfected fit polyester/nylon/cotton/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 8-12
He can fill his pockets with treasures while also looking great in our cotton comfy cargo shorts.  2 waist side pockets and 2 back button pockets 2 side button cargo pockets button closure 100% cotton washable imported
Our throw features characters from the classic Star Wars films in a print that's perfect as a wall hanging, room accent, bed covering or throw blanket. • woven throw with fringe details• 48x60• polyester• washablemade in USA
Nike Dri-FIT French terry men’s training pants feature sweat-wicking fabric and an adjustable stretch waist for total comfort in the gym and on the track. Dri-FIT French terry contrast side panels elastic waistband and drawstring sits at waist flat front side pockets straight leg polyester washable imported
Gold Toe cotton/nylon crew socks are perfect for weekend and business casual.   full cushion foot bed for comfort stay-in-place heel reinforced toe for durability premium cotton for softness regular: sock size 10-13  fits shoe sizes 6-12½ cotton/stretch nylon with a touch of spandex washable imported
Have all of your essential baking tools organized and easily at hand with the help of the Cake Boss stoneware tool crock.   features an attractive icing detail design in distinctive yet delicate ceramic relief beautiful single-tone glaze looks great on kitchen counters and stovetops holds all your favorite tools and keeps them within easy reach keeps handles protected from moisture and utensil heads from getting nicked and pinged in a drawer Stoneware. Hand wash. Imported.  
Give your look a crisp finish with our sophisticated peep-toe patent pumps from Liz Claiborne. patent synthetic upper 3¼ heel ¾ platform cushioned insole rubber sole  
An assortment of textured and smooth gold-tone disks adds interest to this delicate double-strand necklace.   Metal: Gold-tone metalClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 34 long chain with 2 extender  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
No matter what you pair them with, our twill jeggings will bring you an unbeatable look you won't be able to get enough of. 5-pocket styling 32 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Lightweight and portable, this felt storage bin is perfect storing items in any room of your home. hand-woven felt construction cutout handles for easy transport 16.15x19.7x12.6H wipe clean with dry cloth imported
Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 17 length   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Glamorise satin and lace bra provides ultimate support and a natural shape while minimizing your bust. extra-wide, padded adjustable straps bra design lifts and separates bra band shapes and supports without wires nylon/polyester/cotton/LYCRA® spandex hand wash, line dry imported  manufacturer's style #1003  
Cold weather doesn't stand a chance against this cozy fleece jacket. It features an easy zip-front closure, tricot-lined pockets and a standup collar to keep him warm and toasty. standup collar long sleeves embroidered polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Featuring a stain nickel finish and beautiful white faux-silk shade, this floor lamp is a stylish addition to any space. 3-way switch metal 59H faux-silk shade is 10H with an 11 bottom opening uses one 150W bulb, max., not included imported CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: A title 20-compliant lamp will be shipped to the state of California and include a CFL bulb.
With a trendy micro-striped interior and a sleek and comfortable design, this fashion-forward bag is made with 360° wheels for easy travel. 2 exterior compartments 1 large interior compartment for added storage 4 spinner wheels corner guards for extra protection valet straps to secure items carry handle TSA approved sleek and comfortable trolley handle system for easy transport expands 2 for added packing capacity Polyester with polyester lining. Measures 14½x8½x20”H; weighs 8.7 pounds. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
For a sophisticated style that'll take you from desk to dinner, our pique pencil skirt is the perfect pick. hook-and-eye closure approx. 22¾-25 length cotton/spandex washable imported
Featuring a fun little screen-printed shark, this short-sleeve tee by Carter's is perfect for your little one's wardrobe. ribbed neckline cotton/polyester washable imported
Comfortably stay a step ahead of ever-changing weather in this soft thermal tee from Arizona. crewneck with v-notch long sleeves 100% cotton charcoal, grey heather, oatmeal heather, chocolate: cotton/polyester washable imported
This convection toaster oven is deep enough to bake a 12 pizza, high enough to roast a chicken and wide enough to toast six bagel halves.   5 functions: bake, convection bake, broil, toast and warm temperature range of 200° to 500°F brushed silver housing and brushed stainless steel door with tinted glass window industrial-inspired design gives your countertop a commercial look and feel 30-minute timer automatically turns off when selected time has elapsed includes broiling pan and baking/drip tray Wipe clean. Measures approx. 20⅛x16¼x11⅜H. 1500W. Imported.  
Make your point in our triangle-shaped sheer T-shirt—featuring double v-neck styling and decorative back seams. 28 center front, 29 center back length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
With its pleasant vintage look and texture, this accessory set offers great style and durability to your kitchenware. bright and cheerful design with sprinkle of polka dots stoneware dishwasher safe microwave safe imported 6-piece set includes: 3.5x3.5x4.33 sugar bowl; 10-ounce capacity 2.95x5.11x3.54 creamer; 10-ounce capacity 2.36x2.36x3.14 salt and pepper shaker 9.84x5.9x1.96 tray
Help him show his love for his favorite puppy police with these sandals featuring the adorable Paw Patrol. construction plastic/polyester upper rubber sole details slip-resistant sole self-adhesive strap strappy design
Featuring feathered friends that are sure to nab attention, these owl earrings create a smart, whimsical look thanks to their sparkling cubic zirconia eyes and 14K gold, heart-shaped body.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: Cubic zirconia Back: Screwback Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Whether she wears it on its own with her favorite jeans or layers it with her newest sweater, she'll love the all-day comfort of this classic tee.   crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Dazzle in denim with the rhinestone stud and sequin shine of our embroidered angel wing back pocket jeans. 5-pocket styling cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
These woven Asics shorts set the pace for running comfort with a moisture-wicking fabric that stretches. Hydrology® moisture-wicking technology embossed knit insert reflective print and logo regular fit sits at waist elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets back security zip pocket 9 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
If you can’t go to Paris for a meal, bring the French style to your dinner table with these elegant placemats. glossy lacquer coated paper print with cork backing heat resistant up to 212° F stain and scuff resistant set of 4 each measures 16x12 wipe clean with damp, clean cloth imported
These medium blue suit pants have season-spanning style in a resilient fabric that won’t get road-weary. And they’re machine washable, too. crease-resistant and resilient fabric classic fit zip fly with button tab and hook-and-eye closure flat front front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets lined to the knee hemmed fabric: wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported
The striped trim on this St. John's Bay fedora gives you a relaxed look for a day outdoors while the wide brim protects from the elements. straw spot clean imported
This powerful table fan is designed to operate quietly—even at a high speed—so you stay cool while studying, watching TV, chatting or even sleeping.   5-blade propeller for maximum airflow and minimal sound 4 speeds with an additional Turbo Boost speed for an extra-powerful sensation of fresh air Stainless steel. Measures 14x10x18H. Imported.  
Get more comfort out of your everyday denim with these relaxed-fit, bootcut jeans from St. John's Bay.   relaxed fit zip fly with button closure bootcut cotton washable imported
Two-in-one infant and toddler design has one side that is the ideal firmness for newborns and the flip side offers convoluted foam comfort for toddlers.   155 interlocking coils easy-to-clean hypoallergenic waterproof vinyl cover repels wetness natural cotton fire protection wrap has no chemicals and is non-toxic GREENGUARD and CertiPUR-US certified 52x27½x6” vinyl wipe clean with damp cloth fully assembled meets CPSIA/CPSC requirements made in America
This lush, paraben-free, color-safe shampoo is infused with sweet almond oil plus precious argan and monoi oils which lavish hair in soft, sumptuous, silky perfection.   luxuriously cleanses and fortifies to help hair grow long and twice as strong while reducing frayed ends* sweet almond oil moisturizes and softens conditioning polymers provide wet and dry conditioning made in America How to use: Apply to wet hair. Lather and rinse.JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.   *Based on combing breakage on unconditioned shampooed hair vs. Long and Healthy shampooed and conditioned hair.
You’ll have gorgeous flowing curls in no time with this curling iron that includes a heat-resistant glove for those of us prone to “oopsies”.   metal, plastic and rubber Nano Ceramic® styling surface cool tip for easy handling rheostat control to adjust temperature with variable heat settings up to 430°F power indicator light separate on/off switch foldaway safety stand includes heat-resistant glove 8-ft. cord imported   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month. 
The roadmap gingham shirt from Dockers offers easy-care convenience in a style that shifts from work to weekend with ease. big and tall fit easy care button-down collar button front long sleeves left chest pocket with logo embroidery cotton/polyester washable imported
Our tee features a stripe print with ruching at the top hem for a classic warm-weather look. v-neck sleeveless ruched sleeves 26-27½ length rayon/spandex washable imported
With delicate ruffles and soft coloring, this valance gives the perfect touch to your window treatment. 1 ½” rod pocket cotton washable 50Wx18L imported
Made with comfortable cotton and an easy pull-on design, our Unionbay shorts are perfect for your casual wear. zip fly with button closure 6 pockets relaxed fit 11 inseam 100% cotton polyester woven belt washable imported
These wavy earrings in a smooth finish are crafted from 14K yellow gold that's gone through a patented hardening process. Because of this, they are more durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. They will also maintain their consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Hypoallergenic and nickel free. Made in Italy. Metal: 14K yellow goldBack: HingedDimensions: 25mm long; 4mm thick Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
What it is:An innovative antiaging eye cream that offers SPF protection while addressing all key signs of visible aging with powerful dermatologically proven skin rejuvenators. What it is formulated to do:Bring out the best in your eyes. This groundbreaking, antiaging eye cream with patented technology targets fine lines, wrinkles, firmness, dark circles, and puffiness—creating hydrated, refreshed, youthful-looking eyes. A new generation high-performance bi-retinoid (hpr+) with active plant cells rejuvenates skin while caffeine and vitamin C help reduce the look of puffiness and dark circles. It offers comprehensive broad-spectrum protection from harmful sun rays, the number one cause of premature skin aging. What else you need to know:This product is ophthalmologically tested for safety. Research results:In an 8-week independent clinical study on 33 women, ages 44 to 65:- 80% increase in hydration levels after 1 use- 100% showed dramatically firmer skinIn an 8-week self-assessment study on 40 women, ages 45 to 65:- Undereye puffiness appears reduced for a fresher and healthier look after 2 weeks- 83% saw reduced appearance of wrinkles after 4 weeks Suggested Usage:-Use in the morning.-Apply gently under eyes, extending toward the temple.Size:0.5 ozIngredients:-Avobenzone 2.7%-Homosalate 2%-Octinoxate 5%-Octocrylene 2.16%Water, Glycerin, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Isononyl Isononanoate, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Dimethicone, Cyclopentasiloxane, Tribehenin Peg-20 Esters, Cetyl Alcohol, Isostearyl Isostearate, Trisiloxane, Glyceryl Stearate, Peg-100 Stearate, Cetyl Stearate, Stearic Acid, Bifida Ferment Lysate, Potassium Cetyl Phosphate, Phenoxyethanol, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Caffeine, Chlorphenesin, Propylene Glycol, Carbomer, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Sodium Hydroxide, Squalane, Hippophae Rhamnoides Oil, Iris Pallida Root Extract, Ruby Powder, Disodium Edta, Alcohol, Algae Extract, Mica, Lecithin, Ascorbyl Glucoside, Adenosine, Cellulose Gum, Ginkgo Biloba Leaf Extract, Retinol, Peg-8, Polysorbate 20, Polysorbate 60, Calcium Sodium Phosphosilicate, Bht, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer, Chitosan, Ethylhexylglycerin, Glycolic Acid, Sorbitan Oleate, Tocopherol, Aesculus Hippocastanum (Horse Chestnut) Seed Extract, Glucose, Lactic Acid, Behentrimonium Chloride, Glycyrrhiza Uralensis (Licorice) Root Extract, Sodium Benzoate, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Potassium Phosphate, Potassium Sorbate, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Coffea Arabica (Coffee) Seed Extract, Pongamia Pinnata Seed Extract, Isopropyl Alcohol, Acetic Acid, Angelica Archangelica Root Extract, Citrus Aurantium Amara (Bitter Orange) Peel Extract, Maltodextrin, Citric Acid, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Xanthan Gum, Ascorbic Acid, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Rhizome/Root Extract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Sclerotium Gum, Bha, Sorbic Acid, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891).
Twinkle, twinkle in your holiday-perfect, light-up poncho. 28 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Be the star of your own show in our far-out print leggings with a wide waistband and second-skin fit. 28 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Our straight-leg cropped pants are the perfect pick from work to weekend. mid rise straight leg 1 front faux coin pocket; 2 front slant pockets 2 back welt pockets 26 inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Now it’s possible to break the cereal routine and save the time and money of a deli run. This incredible appliance cooks the egg and melts the cheese while toasting your bread for a flawless sandwich at breakfast time—or anytime.   silver finish matches any kitchen decor cooks breakfast sandwiches in 5 minutes with your fresh ingredients top plate gently toasts the bread and holds the heat inside egg layer cooks insides flawlessly quick and easy recipes included Plastic. Measures 6.81x6.89x13.38H. Dishwasher-safe parts. Wipe base clean with a damp cloth. Imported. 
You’ll want to be transported to sunny paradise when you’re wearing these drop earrings in tropics-inspired colors.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Multicolor beads Back: Wire   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Lee Relaxed Fit jeans were redesigned with comfort in mind, featuring the same great fit in updated washes, premium fabrications and more stretch, so you'll look and feel comfortable all day. sits at waist relaxed fit straight leg with 16½ opening flex stretch waistband 5-pocket styling button-and-zip fly black: cotton/spandex nile, houston: cotton/polyester/LYCRA® spandex azul, dark: cotton/LYCRA spandex washable imported misses average: 31 inseam misses short: 29 inseam misses long: 33 inseam petite: 28 inseam petite short: 26½ inseam
Warm up your casual look with this hoodie featuring the comfortable style you've come to love from Champion. hooded with drawstring zipper front kangaroo pockets polyester washable imported
With the Philips Airfryer, you can eat healthier without giving up the taste and texture of your favorite foods. Using its unique Rapid Air technology, the Airfryer fries, bakes, roasts and grills with a tablespoon or less of oil making it a perfect solution for fast and healthy meals and snacks. Rapid Air technology circulates hot air around a metal mesh cooking basket, requiring little or no oil as it fries, bakes and grills starfish design on the bottom of the Airfryer facilitates air circulation, ensuring your favorite foods cook evenly 30-minute timer with ready signal and auto shutoff fully adjustable temperature up to 390°F with temperature light unique design gives you delicious and low-oil cooking results cool-touch handles, cord storage and nonslip feet 28-ounce capacity Plastic. Measures 15.4x15.4x14.9H. Parts are dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Boo-tiful baked treats are easier and more enjoyable to create for both novice and experienced bakers alike with the Cake Boss nonstick 6-cup ghost cakelette pan. This pan features six compartments cleverly molded into the shape of a spooky ghost flying through the night air.   heavy-duty carbon steel construction with rolled edges provides added strength and resists warping long-lasting, nonstick coating resists wear, offers superb release of baked goods and makes cleanup after baking quick and easy oven safe to 450°F Carbon steel. Hand wash. Imported.  
Your little princess will be anything but frozen in this lace-accented fleece top. crewneck long sleeves lace detail cotton/polyester washable imported
Super-soft. Super-comfortable. It's everything and more than you'd expect of your favorite beanbag chair.   velvety soft faux suede microfiber stylish, sophisticated colors double-stitched seams and auto-lock safety zipper round beanbag comes in 84, 105 and 128 sizes refillable Polyester with polystyrene pellets. Measurements stated are circumferences. Spot clean. USA.
Slip into our comfortable lightweight leather sandals and experience paradise wherever you happen to be. technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed construction smooth leather upper lightweight EVA sole details 2 heel adjustable side closure for a custom fit fabric linings contrast stitching ring and stud details
Revisit warmer weather year-round with our button-front top over a long pencil skirt. 3/4 sleeves shirt collar front button placket 28¼ length from shoulder polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Keep your Star Wars style up to date with this Fifth Sun logo tee featuring Kylo Ren and The First Order. big and tall fit crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Get creative with your style in our sexy pencil skirt with side slits. pencil skirt mid rise elastic waist 26½ length polyester lining polyester/spandex washable imported
The unique chain-like spaghetti straps on our sleeveless maxi dress make this an instant statement piece for your warm-weather wardrobe. scoopneck sleeveless 48 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Whimsical rug features colorful butterflies to bring any room to life.   plush, high-performing and extremely durable pile serged edges for easy vacuuming intricate hand-hooked construction Heat-dyed PET/acrylic. Cotton/latex backing. Vacuum regularly; spot clean spills immediately or professionally clean. ½ pile height. Rug pad recommended. Imported.
The Glamorise front-close underwire bra provides comfort and shaping for a flattering silhouette. wonderwire inner band supports and shapes and offers cushioning so that the wire never touches the body side-smoothing shape enhancers front closure adjustable shoulder straps nylon/polyester/elastane hand wash, line dry imported  manufacturer's style #1245
Our Liz Claiborne high-neck halter swim top gives you a fresh, new approach to fun in the sun. tie halterneck built-in bra lined nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported  
Designed with flattering seams, this tunic top is perfect for everyday dress or casual wear. roundneck sleeveless princess-cut seams approx. 30½ length rayon crepe machine wash, line dry imported
Perfect for the beach or an outdoor concert, our rainbow halter top keeps you cool and stylish through all your warm weather festivities. halterneck sleeveless approx. 4-5 3/8 length cotton/acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
Compact toaster oven does the job perfectly when it comes to toasting, baking, broiling as well as keeping food warm.   4-slice capacity toasts bread quickly and evenly attractive black finish with silver accents includes baking pan Dimensions: 7.6 x 11.2 x 9.7 1000 watts. Metal/glass/plastic. Imported.
Wrap your cuddle monster in comfort with these awesome Mickey Mouse Halloween pajamas. includes tee and long pants tee: crewneck, short sleeves pants: elastic waist, glow-in-the-dark graphic, rib-knit cuffs 100% cotton washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
The simple yet bold look of this dinnerware set features a soothing beige earth tone accented by a rich, solid-colored rim. It's a beautiful combination that will breathe new life into your dining experience.   elegant contemporary look perfect for casual or formal dining constructed of durable stoneware 16-piece set includes 4 each: 10½ dinner plate 7¾ salad plate 7½ bowl 12-ounce mug Stoneware. Dishwasher and microwave safe. Imported.
Colorful soft loop rug in adorable square-patterned design coordinates with Mad About Plaid baby bedding collection.   measures 30x40 cotton with spray latex backing washable (note: wash before use) imported  
This Levi's tank top is the perfect option for your warm weather adventures. sleeveless cotton/polyester washable imported
All about creating comfort and durability for the active boy, our Chuck Taylor All Star sneakers let him hit the street in sporty style. construction canvas upper rubber sole details lace up high top foam padding for extra comfort
Comfortable cotton and a cool camo design make our short-sleeve tee a must for your outdoor wardrobe. crewneck short sleeves allover camo print 100% cotton washable imported
Update your sweater-weather look and make a glitzy statement with the glittering embellishments and feminine styling of our must-have sweater. crewneck approx. 24 - 26 front length cotton/rayon/nylon knit polyester chiffon machine wash, dry flat imported
Featuring classic design elements like three eyelets and a plain toe, these leather chukka boots offer ample doses of fashion and function. leather upper lace up leather lining rubber sole
Suit up for fitness in our handsome Champion track jacket
With their beautifully functional design, our mugs serve your favorite beverages in style.   classic lines in durable porcelain beautifully coordinate with formal or casual settings microwave safe set of 4 Porcelain. Each mug measures 3.5x3.5x3.15H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Intricate metalwork carves a dragon pattern into this bold and statement-making stainless steel men’s wedding band in yellow and white stainless steel.   Metal: Two-tone stainless steel Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The soft light filtering and attractive grommet top of this curtain panel dresses up your window while making your space that much more inviting.   grommet-top styling offers a relaxed, casual look available in a variety of sizes and inviting colors 1 side hem; 3 bottom hem 8 round, oil-rubbed bronze grommets on each panel Sold individually. Polyester. Dry clean. Imported.
For kitchens, bathrooms and laundry rooms—wherever you stand the most—give your feet the ultimate in comfort with a memory foam mat.   ultra-plush memory foam cushions your feet while standing slip-resistant backing half-round wedge style is a great alternative to the classic rectangular shape ⅝ overall thickness measures 18x30 Polyester; rubber backing. Wipe clean. Imported.  
Dress up his casual look with this button-front shirt from Arizona, featuring an edgy print to kickstart his style. short sleeves button front chest pocket cotton washable imported  
Your baby girl will love all the freedom she has to move and play in our 100% cotton sleeveless floral romper. nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel front button placket 100% cotton washable imported
Combining rustic textures with colors of the seashore, these curtain panels give your window laid-back yet refined elegance, especially when paired with the Serena valance.   classic rod-pocket styling abstract floral medallion pattern tones of sand, driftwood and sea glass high-quality jacquard weave fabric-lined for an enhanced weight and feel tiebacks included Measures 100x84L. Panels are sold as a 2-pack; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Polyester. 3 rod pocket. Dry clean. Imported.  
These cargo shorts provide plenty of pocket space in a lightweight fabric that will keep you moving freely. relaxed fit zip fly with button closure woven belt included 11¼ inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Add a pop of color to your kitchen and keep essential ingredients within reach—without sacrificing valuable counter space—thanks to this durable, stackable canister.   silicone, airtight seal keeps out moisture transparent design lets you easily view contents stackable with similar canisters for space-saving storage available in a variety of inviting colors Plastic. Dishwasher safe; do not microwave. Imported.
Stay comfy in your favorite flats or low-profile sneakers with our liner socks that give you a concealed look while wicking away moisture with ClimaLite technology. package of 3 pairs flat-knit construction contoured shape polyester/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 5-10
Put some sparkle in your life with these boat shoes, which feature lacing details and lots of sequins. cotton/plastic upper slip on rubber sole
Add a skinny fit to your denim collection with our sleek jeans with the right amount of fade. sits just below the waist button-and-zipper closure 5-pocket styling flat front 33” inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
The cotton-rich, brushed-back fleece on these Nike Club pants provides softness, warmth and breathability, while the tapered legs give your workout style modern appeal. sits at waist elastic waist with drawstring gusseted for increased mobility side-seam pockets tapered leg cuffed bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
Opened or closed, our grommet-top, room-darkening curtain panel is truly special—from the gentle folds that drape effortlessly to an invitingly soft, silk-like fabric.   room-darkening liner for light and privacy control 8 easy-to-slide grommets 4 header, 3 bottom hem, 1 side hem 1 1/2 grommet opening Color note: Please note that our Cool White color has more of a Silver-Gray appearance and our Seed Pearl color has more of an Ivory-Gray appearance. Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Polyester with polyester lining. Washable. Imported.  
Our Jockey slipshorts are the perfect style for added coverage and support underneath.   nylon/spandex/cotton washable imported manufacturer’s style #2109
The comfort of our classic Liz Claiborne fitted t-shirt can't be surpassed. roundneck fitted approx. 26 length 100% cotton washable imported
Featuring sweat-wicking fabric and nylon stabilizers for lightweight comfort, our victory compression bra lets you move naturally when you're on the go.●    racerback●    Nike graphic●    medium support●    polyester/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Layer up without the bulk by adding this classic full-zip hoodie to the style rotation. It’s crafted of a soft, cotton-blend fleece to make sure you’re comfortable for the cold days ahead. hood with drawcord full zip split kangaroo pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
This easy-going slide sandal features an incredibly comfortable footbed in a casual slip-on style. technologyinnovative SuperCloud technology for extra comfortinjected EVA outsole for extra-light feel constructiondurable synthetic upperrubber bottoms to add traction detailsiconic adidas logo on strap
Whether with a sport coat or polo shirt, these pleated pants fit the occasion with a handsome profile and a comfortable, big and tall fit. hidden expandable waistband pleated front front slash pockets back button-thru welt pockets zip fly with button closure straight leg hemmed cotton washable imported
Take your workout to the next level with this weighted rope from Nike. adjustable weighted rope for moderate swing speeds weighted handles to add intensity to workouts ergonomically designed foam grip handles for comfort polyurethane/polypropylene/rubber spot clean imported
Our long pencil skirt is a work wardrobe must-have, with a style that looks great paired with jackets and button-front shirts. zip closure 27 1/2 length polyester/spandex washable imported black shirt with straight hem; coral skirt with scallop hem
You won't want to go back in the water, but only because you won't want to take off our soft tank top.  crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
The jersey pocket polo from St. John's Bay adds collared style to your casual looks with the same everyday softness as your favorite tees. Choose from a wide variety of colors. easy care tag-free neck regular fit flat knit collar 2-button placket short sleeves left chest pocket tennis tail with taped side vents 100% cotton: black, burgundy, light gray heather, red, signature navy and white cotton/polyester: all other colors washable imported
  With a surprising draped neck encircled in jewels, our sheath dress is a real show stopper.   jewelneck sleeveless approx. 36½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place
An active boy needs active footwear. Our lightweight running shoes will help him make big steps toward his goals. construction mesh/synthetic upper cushioned EVA midsole synthetic/rubber sole details lace up cap toe arch support
Featuring deep tufting and an elegantly sloped shape, this upholstered headboard brightens up your bedroom with its plush look.   sturdy wood frame filled with upholstery foam metal support legs adjustable height can be used as a Full or Queen headboard Fabric options: Beige: 70% cotton/30% linen Gray: 65% cotton/27% viscose/8% linen Measures 62Wx4Dx50H. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Assembly required. Imported.
This durable gym sack from Xersion offers a no-fuss way to tote all your sports essentials. top-loader style cord shoulder straps metal grommets 18x13½ recommended for ages 3+ polyester spot clean imported
Reward yourself with the sweet comfort of the Body Caress wirefree bra.   full coverage wirefree banded frame for added support comfortable 2-way convertible straps double-knit microfiber wings adjustable straps seamless polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #72335
You'll take a shine to the eye-catching sparkle of our flattering denim jeans with sequined and embroidered back pockets. 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
She’ll be glowing in classic pearls with this beautiful girls' three-piece set that includes a bracelet, stud earrings, and a lovely necklace in 14K yellow gold.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: Cultured freshwater pearls Necklace Closure: Spring-ring Necklace Length: 15 cable chain Bracelet Closure: Spring-ring Bracelet Length: 5 Earring Back: Friction Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Clean, sleek and anything but basic, remade in an ultra-comfortable stretch fabric, and reformatted in a modern cut. notch collar 2-button front front flap pockets interior pockets fully lined side vents polyester/viscose/spandex dry clean imported
You'll shine as bright as the sun when you wear our gorgeous floral sheath dress. crewneck sleeveless 35½ length from shoulder lined polyester/nylon/rayon hand wash, dry flat imported
These soft, all-cotton pants give him the perfect combination of style and comfort. includes 2 pairs of pants elastic waist with faux drawstring 100% cotton washable imported
Keep your outfit casual and cute in these womens sneakers, featuring a stylish twill upper with an OrthoLite® foot bed that will keep your feet comfy all day long. cotton upper OrthoLite® foot bed provides maximum comfort Slow recovery Impressions memory foam Moisture wicking and odor control with anti-microbial properties rubber sole
Our Xersion compression shorts provide the perfect combination of comfort, support and breathability to help you reach your fitness goals. compression fit 4-way stretch no-chafe seams 7 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
This duvet cover set features an oversized chevron design in warm, inviting tones for a beautiful addition to your space. artistic chevron design solid accent color on back 3-piece sets include: duvet cover 2 shams Full/Queen sets include standard shams. King sets include king shams. Cotton duvet cover and shams. Washable. Imported. Full/Queen: duvet cover is 88x92; shams are 26x20 King/Cal. King: duvet cover is 104x92; shams are 36x20
Our Xersion basketball shorts have side pockets, a drawstring waistband and a relaxed feel to help keep your game on point. elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets 12 inseam polyester washable imported
Whether you're cooking a big breakfast or just have food leftover for your last meal, this griddle offers a spacious cooktop and convenient warming drawer that makes cook time more convenient than ever. die-cast aluminum for even heating non-stick cooking surface convenient warming drawer keeps foods warm while the meal is completed slim lightweight design is perfect for traveling detachable plug features thermostat that ranges from 200 to 425-degrees Fahrenheit heat-resistant handles metal/plastic hand wash parts 5x24.25x15H; 10.5x18.75 griddle surface imported
Highlight your curves in our shimmery sequin-covered illusion dress. v-neck 33 length from shoulder knit nylon mesh lined hand wash, line dry imported
This square pillow coordinates with the Bensonhurst comforter set and accessories.   solid fabric with contrasting-bordered inset features a self-corded edge adds an extra layer of detail do your bed measures 18x18 Polyester. Spot clean. Imported.
Chic and convenient, our comfortable ribbed tights ensure you’re always covered in style. package of 2 nylon/spandex washable imported  
He'll be styling every time he wears our modern slim-fit jeans, made of soft cotton for comfort. slim fit zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling flat front 100% cotton washable imported
This 2-piece set, which features a flutter-sleeve top and a pair of corresponding cargo shorts, is sure to become your little one's new favorite outfit. allover foil print no-pinch elastic waistband 100% cotton washable imported
What it is:An easy-to-use concealer available in all skin tones that hides imperfections and stays put with a matte finish. What it does:This creamy formula blends easily and then dries down smudge-free. The convenient pencil form makes precise application a breeze and eliminates the mess of brushes or dipping your finger into a pot. Dot on tiny blemishes, or shade in large problem areas (like redness around the nose) and be pleasantly surprised by your flawless complexion. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dye- Petrochemicals- Phthalates- GMOs- TriclosanWhat else you need to know:This pencil is ideal for those who prefer a fuss-free makeup application or want more precise coverage. Use this versatile concealer for spot correction and for evening out areas with irregular skin color.Size:0.12 oz
Seam details outline the updated style of this easy-care shirt from JF J. Ferrar.   easy care performance specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering modified spread collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked more sizes: regular, fitted, athletic, big, extra call cotton/poly broadcloth washable imported      
Why go through the process of creating layered looks when our Made for Life layered shirt does it so well for you.   roundneck short sleeves approx. 28¼ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Stay cool and comfortable all day on the course so you can take your game to the next level. Airflux ventilation for ultimate comfort moisture-absorbing fabric UPF 15+ helps protect your skin from harmful rays spread collar 3-button placket short sleeves side vents polyester washable imported
These sandals feature a fun pop of color and multiple straps for a trendy look you'll love to wear. synthetic upper buckle accent EVA sole
Our classic Arizona belt dresses up everything he wants to wear.   synthetic leather imported
Sassy style meets cold weather fun with this girly animal-print puffer jacket from ZeroXposur. fleece-lined hood with faux-fur trim long sleeves with fleece storm cuffs zip front cinched waist 2 pockets polyester washable imported
The classic, trusted quality of Farberware® pairs nicely with this durable stainless steel teakettle. Gelatin, hot chocolate or a cup of soup—the uses for a teakettle don't stop at tea.   whistle feature signals when water is at a boil removable lid makes kettle easy to fill 2-qt. capacity Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Luxurious soft, this sheet set instantly boosts the style and comfort of your bed thanks to its high-quality, 100% Egyptian Cotton construction. super-soft sateen fabric beautiful embroidered design available in a variety of inviting colors fits mattresses up to 18 deep Twin set has 1 standard/queen pillowcase. Full and Queen sets have 2 standard/queen pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets have 2 king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases are sold separately. Cotton. Washable. Made in America. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 20xx32 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 20x32 Queen: flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 20x32 King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 20x40 Cal. King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 72x84; pillowcases are 20x40
Featuring an adjustable waistband and a comfortable cotton design, our poplin chino shorts by Arizona offer versatility and style that lasts. relaxed fit flat front adjustable waistband 4-pocket styling zip fly with button closure flat front 100% cotton washable imported
From comfy tees to button-front shirts, these classic Levi’s jeans are the perfect start to any outfit. flat front straight leg 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure cotton/spandex washable imported
Power up your workouts in our Nike training shorts with Dri-FIT fabric and a fit that gives you finesse. drawstring waist regular fit Dri-FIT 4.5 inseam polyester washable imported
Great for serving two foods at the same time, this heirloom-quality divided dish is graced with an elegant silver-tone and bronze-tone floral and hummingbird motifs. durable porcelain construction great for everyday use and special occasions microwave and freezer safe oven safe to 250°F for 30 minutes Porcelain. Measures 11L. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Our cute crochet-hem romper shows some spunk with its sleeveless, strap style and crocheted trim along the hem.  v-neck sleeveless 11¾-13¼ length from neck rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Our sheath dress features bold colorblocking for the perfect desk-to-dinner style. crewneck sleeveless center back zip colorblocking fully lined polyester dry clean imported
Whether he's sleeping or playing, he'll feel cozy and look cute in this fun shark one-piece. snaps from chin to ankle nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel character applique design 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Our sleepwear set from Okie Dokie features a cute flutter-sleeve shirt and shorts or pants to match for a complete outfit at her next sleepover. includes flutter-sleeve pajama shirt, pajama pants and pajama shorts roundneck polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
It's easy to embrace up-to-date style with fun, figure-flattering wardrobe pieces like our sleeveless swing tunic dress.  roundneck sleeveless 30¼-33 length rayon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
When convenience is a major factor, this lightweight single-serve coffee maker takes up little space and is easy to transport. brews 6-oz., 8-oz. and 10-oz. sizes beverage-ready in under 2 minutes removable drip tray for easy cleanup cord storage 6.9x10.7x10.8H plastic wipe clean with damp cloth imported
Designed with a weighted base for better balance when open, this eco-friendly, three-section bamboo storage box is great for sea salt, spices and more. made from bamboo, a renewable resource harder and denser than most hardwoods like maple constructed to reduce the risk of warping, stabilizing the board for years of use no artificial dyes or stains rich caramelized finish magnetic closure also great for jewelry and office supplies Bamboo. Measures 3½ in diameter; 4⅞H. Hand wash. Imported.
Three round cubic zirconia spotlight these sterling silver J-hoop earrings to give you style that dazzles.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Cubic zirconia Back: Friction Dimensions: 19mm long
Ensure your kids get a good night's sleep with this blackout curtain panel featuring an energy-efficient foam backing. Its microfiber fabric offers extra softness.   innovative Thermaback™ construction employs foam to achieve light and noise reduction blocks out over 99% of outside light and reduces unwanted noise helps reduce heating and cooling costs by preventing window-related energy loss off-white backing rod-pocket styling for simple installation Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 2½ in diameter. 3 rod pocket. Polyester with polyester backing. Washable. Imported.  
This chic shoulder bag features partial metal chain straps and a stylish look to hold all you need during your day. double top handles top zip closure synthetic; polyester/rayon lining gold-tone metal hardware 3 interior slip pockets 11¼Hx12¼Wx5D imported
This elegant decorative pillow completes your bedding with its intricate pleats and soft blue color. solid blue back knife edge detail removable cover and invisible zip closure 16x16 coordinating accessories sold separately cotton/polyester; polyester fill spot clean imported
Make travel or naptime comfortable for your pet with this ultra-soft sherpa pet blanket that offers a plush lining and is designed to minimize hair cleaning from the couch or car. available in colors optimal for hiding pet hair made from an ultra-soft plush material perfect for the couch or inside your car or RV helps keep pet hair off furniture and upholstery Polyester. Measures 40x60. Washable. Imported.
This European award-winning push-powered car toy is perfect for tots on the go. Featuring a functional steering wheel, the Big Bobby Car will turn your driveway into the Autobahn for hours of fun and exercise. steering wheel comfortable seat tested by the German TUV; an independent consumer-testing agency for ages 1+/50 lbs. weight range 23x12x15 no assembly required meets CPSIA/ CPSC requirements                                                                          durable plastic imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - Small parts. Not for children under 3 years.  
Sticking to stripes will be a no-brainer in our comfortably cool jersey knit sweater with ribbed trim. cotton/acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported misses: 23½ - 25 length petite: 22½ - 24½ length
Designed with the style-conscious man in mind, this handsome tie from Haggar stands out with its smart dot pattern over a wool blend fabric.   2¾ wide; 58 long polyester/wool dry clean only imported
This braided belt makes finding the perfect notch easy for you.   32mm wide polyurethane/bonded leather/polyester spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Look good right out of bed in our soft minion tee.  crewneck shorts sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Showcase your fresh style by celebrating the beauty of this owl-inspired pin.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Purple acrylic stones Dimensions: 1½x2¼ long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Discover how flattering colorblocking can be with our slimming Worthington scuba skirt. concealed side zipper 29⅝ length polyester/spandex washable imported
Watch your favorite team in from the best spot in the room, this fun, sports-themed bean bag.     durable vinyl cover   lounging comfort easily portable available in baseball, football, basketball and soccer ball designs Polystyrene bead fill, vinyl cover. Measures 28x34x20H. Wipes clean. Made in America with imported parts.
Soar to new heights of sophistication in these sparkling kite-shaped earrings covered in jet rhinestones. Metal: Hematite Stones: Jet rhinestones Back: Wire Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Say goodbye to hot and dense memory foam options and step into the dreams of the future with this all natural latex blend that revolutionizes the way you sleep.   ●    firm support●    ideal for side and back sleepers●    quick dry cover●    the softness of down without the risk of allergies●    pack of 2●    28x20●    polyester cover with latex/down alternative fill●    washable●    made in America of imported materials Be sure to care for your investment with a pillow protector. It's an added layer of protection that will help keep your pillow clean and fresh.  
This cool-weather essential welcomes chilly days with bright colors and combed cotton comfort. point collar button front 2 button-through chest pockets long sleeves rounded hem 100% cotton washable imported
A fun all-around zipper accent and playful design make this crossbody bag a cute conversation starter no matter where you go. adjustable crossbody strap, 6-22 drop zip-around zip closure synthetic; polyester lining multicolor design exterior zip pocket and slide pocket 6 interior credit card slots and zip pocket 8Hx9Wx¾D imported
Our ultraback one-piece swimsuit features a sport performance silhouette, which makes navigating the water a breeze. fully lined soft cup nylon/Lycra® chlorine resistant hand wash, line dry imported
Take your sleep seriously, and your bedtime fashion…not so much…in these cotton knit pajama pants featuring a fun Bulldog print.   combed, ringspun cotton elastic waist with drawstring  button fly 2 side pockets cotton washable imported
Add some whimsy to your day in our comfortable hipster panties, featuring a Looney Tunes print on cotton-rich construction. cotton/spandex washable imported
Set your table with style with this 16-piece dinnerware set featuring a smart pop of color.   plate rims and outside of bowls and mugs feature matching colors microwave safe service for 4 16-piece dinnerware set includes: four 10½” dinner plates four 7½” salad plates four 5½” bowls four 12-ounce mugs Clay. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
This bed is in a league of its own with minimalist and modern lines that create a unique and appealing look and feel.   solid rubberwood construction with oak veneers inviting finish includes headboard, footboard and rails Imported. Twin bed: 81Lx54Wx50H Full bed: 80Lx65Wx50H Queen bed: 85Lx65Wx50H King bed: 85Lx82Wx50H
Put the wind and rain in their place—away from you—in the Dome Mountain jacket from Columbia, constructed of water-resistant, hydroplus nylon. waterproof fabric and zippers attached, adjustable hood zip front zip hand pockets adjustable sleeve cuffs adjustable hem with drawcord droptail shell: nylon insulation: polyester washable imported  
Our Euro sham is made of square chenille pieced together with an embroidered band, which reverses to square chenille with covered cord piping around the edges. measures 26x26 sold individually polyester/rayon dry clean imported Requires a 26x26 square pillow form, sold separately.
A classic that belongs in every shoe collection, our chic riding boots don't skimp on style, with double buckles—one on the shaft and one at the ankle—plus an elastic gore for added stretch. construction durable synthetic upper lightweight rubber sole details 15½ shaft height double buckles latex for all-day comfort microfiber sock lining to help hold your foot inside zipper Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
This colorful earring set gets your day started with a mix of sparkly studs and classic hoops. Crafted from 14K yellow gold that's gone through a patented hardening process, these earrings are exceptionally durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. They'll also maintain their consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Hypoallergenic and nickel free. Made in America.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: Round multicolor crystal accents Back: Screwback Dimensions: 4.8mm long ball; 12mm long hoop   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Modern yet unmistakably elegant, this fine bone china soup bowl features a beautiful shape, clean lines and flowing curves that can be dressed up or down to suit any occasion.   durable fine bone china accented with an opulent platinum rim its crisp signature white color blends beautifully with both traditional and modern decor versatile enough for both formal and casual meals coordinating dinnerware and serveware sold separately Measures 9 in diameter. Imported.  
Because it’s time for a watch that’s as versatile as you. Work or weekend, this one ties your look together with baton hands, Arabic numerals, stick indices and an outer minute track—all secured by a sleek stainless steel bracelet. Brand: Stührling  Dial Color: Black Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: Push-button deployment clasp Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 38mm  Case Thickness: 9.21mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 18mm wide Model No.: 391L.02 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Wrap romance around your finger with the sentimental look of this genuine morganite ring. A heart-shaped stone is framed with a border of diamonds that continue along the top of the 10K rose gold shank. Metal: 10K rose gold Stones: .65 ct. heart-shaped genuine morganite Other Stones: 1/5 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong and pavé Gallery Height: 5.7mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care
An allover print pattern on this valance coordinates with the Adana comforter set, providing a beautiful look for your windows. rich blue tones lined for an enhanced weight and feel Measures 54x15L. Sold individually. Curtain panels sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Cotton with polyester lining. Washable. Imported.
Give your beautiful curves the comfort and support they deserve in our full-figure bra, boasting molded cups with gentle underwire for a smooth, sleek silhouette.   full coverage comfort straps polyester/nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported  
Get ahead of the pack with this versatile digital watch and its high-performing features as well as incredibly accurate quartz movement.   Brand: Timex      Strap: Blue resin Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 36mm Case Thickness: 8mm Model No.: TW5K85000M6 Special Features: Stopwatch
Straight up style gives our sheath dress a place in every closet and a comfortable fit at every occasion. straight crewneck 3/4 sleeves belted waist approx. 38½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Channel your casual vibe in our iconic denim jacket, perfect for layering over a dress or pairing with your favorite pair of jeans. chest flap pockets; lower welt pockets 33½ length cotton/spandex washable imported
Gorgeous floral embroidery on tulle and scalloped edges lend feminine flair to our unlined demi bra from Jezebel. demi style mini floral embroidery on tulle geometric pattern scalloped edges adjustable straps darted cups for natural shaping underwire polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Give your bed an elegant foundation with this gorgeous bedskirt featuring an embroidered eyelet ruffled trim.   soft cotton blend wrinkle resistant colorfast for lasting good looks 14 drop Cotton/polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: 39x75 Full: 54x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 78x80 Cal. King: 72x84
A time-honored floral motif is the focus of these enduring rugs.   heat set for long lasting colors woven construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in America 10mm pile height
What it is:A compact that lets you create the perfect brows.What it does:This compact allows you to create and style natural-looking eyebrows that complement your coloring with a beautiful finish that lasts all day. The double-sided applicator allows you to draw sharp lines for a bold look or blend shades for a softer finish. Suggested Usage:-Fill in eyebrows using the dual sided brush to blend as needed. Size0.14 oz
This twist-action ballpoint pen also functions as a stylus. It works on all touch-screen devices and helps to keep your screen clean of fingerprints and germs. ballpoint pen and stylus black ink zinc alloy wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 5½x¼x¼ imported
Show up steeped in sweet style in our strapless party dress. sweetheart neckline strapless back zipper approx. 24 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Our easy-on skimmers provide a durable, comfortable fit you can wear all day. technology memory foam construction textile/leather upper rubber sole details slip on overlay detail relaxed fit
Our mesh capri leggings feature Quick-Dri technology and no-chafe seams, ensuring that you feel your very best when you have them on. key pocket in waistband mid-rise 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
What it is: A 3-in-1 Shampoo, Shower Gel & Bubble Bath and an ultraglossy lip shine, both infused with the delectable scent of raspberry sorbet. What it does: What better way to show someone your appreciation than with a double scoop of delicious raspberry sorbet? This must-have Thank You Set features a multitasking, three-in-one shower gel and a highly emollient lip shine, both infused with the mouth-watering scent of raspberry sorbet. These moisturizing formulas will leave skin feeling super soft and lips looking glossy and beautifulit’s a delicious way to say “thank you.” This set contains: - 8 oz Raspberry Sorbet Shampoo, Shower Gel & Bubble Bath - 0.4 oz Raspberry Sorbet High-Gloss, High-Flavor Lip Shine Suggested Usage: Raspberry Sorbet Shampoo, Shower Gel & Bubble Bath: -Apply to wet body or scalp. -Lather, rinse, repeat. -If using as a bubble bath, drizzle a generous amount under running water and enjoy. Raspberry Sorbet High-Gloss, High-Flavor Lip Shine: -Melt onto lips to your heart's content. Ingredients ​Raspberry Sorbet Shampoo, Shower Gel & Bubble Bath: Water, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Lauryl Betaine, Ppg-2 Hydroxyethyl Cocamide, Glycerin, Glycol Distearate, Parfum/Fragrance, Allantoin, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Panthenol, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Tocopherol, Tocotrienols, Trilinolein, Triolein, Polyquaternium-7, Polyquaternium-10, Maltodextrin, Methyl Gluceth-20, Sodium Sulfite, Sodium Benzotriazolyl Butylphenol Sulfonate, Polysorbate 20, Disodium Laureth Sulfosuccinate, Buteth-3, Tributyl Citrate, Sodium Chloride, Magnesium Chloride, Magnesium Nitrate, Sodium Benzoate, Citric Acid, Sodium Hydroxide, Disodium Edta, Potassium Sorbate, Maleic Anhydride, Methylene Di-T-Butylcresol, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Hexyl Cinnamal, Linalool, Caprylyl Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Methylchloroisothiazolinone, Methylisothiazolinone, D & C Red No. 33 (Ci 17200), Fd & C Yellow No. 5 (Ci 19140).
Our x-capacity trifold wallet features all the credit card pockets you'll need for storage. 6 credit card pockets 2 ID windows polyurethane 4.31x0.47x3.27H wipe clean imported
Our tee features soft-hand fabric made with Champion Vapor moisture-wicking technology to keep you cool and dry.  crewneck short sleeves Champion Vapor moisture-wicking technology polyester washable imported
These breezy cargo shorts from Lee boast comfortable, easy-to-match style with lots of pockets for all his hidden treasures. relaxed fit zip fly with button closure 2 front pockets 2 back flap pockets 4 cargo pockets with self-adhesive closures twill fabric cotton washable imported  
Use your own creativity to turn this craft caddy into a beautiful piece for your workspace. The MDF pieces are a blank canvas waiting to be transformed and customized to match your decor. package contains 6 pieces to make one 12 x 12 x 1/2 wall-hanging design flourishes and embellishments not included design: Love some assembly required imported  
Whether you wear them for work or play, our comfortable pants look fresh and fashionable thanks to linen fabric and a cropped length. elastic waistband with drawstring 4 pockets straight leg 27 inseam 100% linen washable imported
Our print shorts feature a tailored look that can easily be dressed up or down depending on the occasion. hook-and-bar closure with zip fly side pockets 3½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Metal: Gray metalStones: RhinestonesNecklace Closure: Lobster claspNecklace Dimensions: 21” long adjustable chainEarring Back: PostEarring Dimensions: 8mm round  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add unique style to your look with this crossbody bag featuring a chic embroidered look. adjustable strap, 24 drop top zip closure washed vinyl exterior pocket with magnetic snap closure and zip pocket interior zip pocket and slip pocket 8Hx9½Wx3D imported
Maneuver any work surface with ease thanks to the comfort and support of our high-traction Viper Low shoes.   construction durable action leather upper slip-resistant rubber sole details lace-up entry moisture-wicking lining keeps your feet dry and comfortable composite shank offers lightweight yet safe support
Our tee features a pocket on the left chest and a regular fit for a comfortable, casual look.  crewneck short sleeves regular fit cotton/polyester washable imported
Master your athleisure look with our velour pullover top, featuring a drawstring mockneck. 29 - 31 front length cotton/polyester velour washable imported 
Glamorise® sports bra's seamless design offers great shaping, support and incredible comfort.   seamless non-stretch cups for bounce control and a smooth look under clothes patented no-wire design for support and comfort moisture-wicking fabric 2-way stretch back for active use polyester/nylon/elastane elastane lining machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #1006
Make the most of your workout with gear that will go the extra mile, like our stretchy performance cropped pants.  midrise straight leg elastic waistband 17 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Take a cue from our sleeveless peekaboo tank top and you will know what's on trend—layering, lace and a necklace.  scoopneck sleeveless 26 length lined polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Ensure your fingers stay safe from sharp cutting with this super-protective ANSI Level 4 glove. effectively protects you from cuts anti-microbial qualities 13-gauge thread count durable polyethelyne one size fits all washable made in America
Slip into casual comfort that you can wear anywhere, with easy slip-on shoes from Call It Spring.   synthetic upper textile lining rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND
true This top-freezer refrigerator has ample storage space, adjustable shelves and drawers as well as room for an optional icemaker, providing you with superb functionality. #1 in quality and dependability among 14-18 cu. ft. refrigerators based on an independent study of property maintenance personnel. Source: The Stevenson Company, 2013—Market research company with over 20 years of experience in the appliance industry  ENERGY STAR® qualified upfront dual temperature controls regulate fresh food and freezer sections equipped for optional icemaker adjustable glass shelves snack drawer conveniently stores favorite foods clear drawers make finding items quick and easy large door storage frees up valuable shelf space adjustable wire freezer shelf spillproof freezer floor wipes up easily for quick cleanup 18.2 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage room 66⅝ x 29½ x 34½
What it is:A multitasking formula that promises color correction, skincare benefits, and complete coverage in one step. What it is formulated to do: Instantly correct and perfect your complexion with this formula that promises a flawless, lightweight finish. The Hydra24 Complex instantly hydrates skin and minimizes the appearance of pores, while licorice extract evens skintone and antiaging sea kale extract smooths the appearance of fine lines. Perfect for wearing alone or under foundation, this versatile formula is recommended for all skin types, protecting with sunscreen and leaving the skin soft, fresh, and flawless. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know:This nourishing formula is oil- and fragrance-free, and specifically developed to suit all skin types, even the most sensitive skin.Suggested Usage: -Apply in the morning or 15 minutes before sun exposure. -Dispense and apply using a foundation brush or fingertips, lightly dab onto face, and gently blend in. Size:1 ozIngredients:​ -Titanium Dioxide 5.1% (Sunscreen) -Zinc Oxide 2.8% (Sunscreen) -Sea Kale: Provides antiaging properties. -Hydra24 Complex: Hydrates skin. -Rice Botanical Extract: Protects and nourishes. Water, Dimethicone, Triethylhexanoin, Glycerin, Talc, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Imperata (Imperata Cylindrica) Root Extract, Benzyl Alcohol, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Lauryl PEG-9 Polydimethylsiloxyethyl Dimethicone, Disteardimonium Hectorite, C12-13 Alkyl Lactate, Acrylates /Dimethicone Copolymer, Alumina, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Dimethicone/Methicone Copolymer, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Squalane, PEG-8, Potassium Sorbate, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Dehydroacetic Acid, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Carbomer, Blue Sea kale (Crambe Maritima) Extract, Tocopherol, Rice (Oryza Sativa) Extract, Sodium Benzoate. (+/-): Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxides.
An easygoing style you can count on. This multifunction-inspired boyfriend watch features a vibrantly colored dial and comfy three-link bracelet for a distinctively feminine feel.   Dial Color: Red Accents: Crystals on bezel Strap: Rose-tone metal alloy Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 185mm long
Blend up your favorite bar drinks in this professional food and beverage blender, complete with a large 40-ounce carafe with both English and metric graduations. 2-speed motor classic waterfall base 40-ounce capacity AC current 550 watts plastic/glass 9.75x8x13.5H dishwasher-safe parts made in America
Mix, stir and scrape delicious batters and sauces with the fun Cake Boss 2-pc. silicone spatula and spoonula set. This set includes an 11½ spatula with Born to Bake and a 13 spoonula with Devoted to Dessert. They’re ideal for folding batters and meringues, for scraping melted chocolate out of pans, and for stirring sweet sauces.   solid, flexible silicone heads are sturdy enough for thick doughs designed with traditional beechwood handles loved by professional bakers for its resistance to heat, color and flavor absorption holes in the handles allow them to hang for convenient storage heat safe to 450°F Beechwood/silicone. Hand wash. Imported.  
There's nothing simple about our sassy flip flops decked out with three rows of rhinestones. polyurethane upper with rhinestones EVA outer sole with fabric
Flaunt your style in our flattering denim jeans with rhinestone and sequin cross-embellished back pockets. 5-pocket styling 33 inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Slip resistant and waterproof, these rugged work boots showcase Wolverine’s fine craftsmanship and rich history of making quality workwear. technology Contour Welt® construction MultiShox® removable full-cushion footbed construction leather/suede/synthetic upper wave mesh lining durable, slip-resistant rubber sole details pull on
These shimmer slim fit pants are a great look for work or any occasion you want to look your best.   slim fit flat front 2 front and 2 back pockets button and hook-and-eye closure polyester/rayon dry clean only imported
Super skinny, serious style. Our leggings are made with a super stretchy denim construction and classic five-pocket styling so you get the look of your favorite jeans, with the comfort of a legging style.   super soft, super stretchy denim rests on hips very slim fit through the hip and thigh super-skinny leg with 9½ opening 7¾ front rise; 12¾ back rise cotton/ polyester/ viscose/ elastane rusty sunlight: cotton/polyester/viscose/elastane washable imported juniors: 30 inseam juniors short: 28 inseam juniors long: 32 inseam  
Our St. Augustine capris are the perfect versatile option for all your warm-weather ensembles. flat front back elastic square pockets missy and women: 21 inseam petite: 19 inseam cotton/polyester/linen machine wash, line dry imported
In a sparkling three-stone design, these J-hoop earrings lend a sophisticated flair to your day into evening wardrobe. Crafted of polished sterling silver. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Cubic zirconia Back: Friction Dimensions: 5x15mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Dress up your feet with these rhinestone-embellished sandals. ●    synthetic upper●    1¾ heel●    rhinestone detail●    adjustable ankle strap●    rubber sole  
Try a different take on your classic 501s with these customized, 5-pocket jeans, featuring an upsized original fit and tapered leg. sits below waist upsized original fit; classic fit through seat and thigh button fly tapered leg; 13 - 14 5/8 leg opening cotton washable imported
Our Americana performance polo from St. John’s Bay offers casual sophistication in a soft and light, moisture-wicking fabric that works to keep you dry and cool. moisture-wicking fabric fade resistant ribbed knit collar contrast woven chambray trim inside placket and neck emrboidered American flag logo contrast thread on buttons short sleeves chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Get better fit and breathability with these soft, cotton blend crew socks from Stafford. cotton rich fabric for breathability spandex for superior fit cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 13-15 fits shoe sizes 12-15
Clear crystals shine in the gold-tone metal that creates these double drop earrings.  Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Glass stonesBack: LeverbackDimensions: 3/8x1½  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This luxurious, firm Euro-top mattress set offers superior support while controlling body heat so you can enjoy longer, uninterrupted sleep.   1 PrimaSense™ HD gel foam topper conforms to body weight and shape 0.79 SmartLatex™ secondary topper resists compression 2 PrimaCool™ gel memory foam layer provides comfort and support 1½ PrimaSense HD gel foam layer provides a cool sleeping environment ½ PrimaCore™ gel foam layer absorbs motion 1.3-ounce FlameGuard™ fiber ensures resistance to fire Intellicoil individually wrapped coil-in-coil system StabiLux™ edge system provides a substantial yet comfortable mattress edge PrimaFlow™ solid brass air vents release excess heat throughout the night LTD™ foundation will provide strong support for years to come Cover is polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring/foundation. Foundation measures 9H; mattress set measures 26H when stacked. Split Queen, King and Cal. King mattress sets feature 2-piece side-by-side foundations for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin XL: 38x79½x17H; 377 coil count Full: 53x74½x17H; 522 coil count Queen: 60x79½x17H; 651 coil count King: 76x79½x17H; 806 coil count Cal. King: 72x83½x17H; 825 coil count
What it is: A waterproof, 12-hour brightening primer.What it does: This primer helps makeup stay in place longer while brightening skin for a healthy, glowing complexion. For use as a hydrating base, this formula keeps your makeup in place for up to 12 hours of perfect wear. It’s also a quick fix for tired or sallow skinjust one application and skin looks instantly radiant.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Petrochemicals- Phthalates- GMOs- TriclosanWhat else you need to know: This silicone-free primer contains natural antioxidants, vitamins A, C, and E, and fruit- and plant-derived extracts to fight free radical damage and prevent premature signs of aging while brightening skin. “BerryBright,” a skin-brightening active, delivers natural arbutin from bearberry leaves to the skin, inhibiting the skin pigmentation process for an even, luminous complexion. The lightweight texture is ideal for a base under foundation to wake up your makeup, but also can be worn alone as a treatment to counteract dullness. Whichever application you choose, skin is left feeling hydrated and smooth, while looking flawless.Suggested Usage-Smooth a pearl-size amount onto skin (pre-foundation) or dab under eyes and on eyelids for the ultimate clean slateSize:1 ozIngredients​-BerryBright: Inhibits the skin pigmentation process for an even, luminous complexion.-Vitamin C: antioxidant that fights free radical damage and prevents oxidative stress and premature signs of aging, while brightening skin.-Vitamins A and E: Act as anti-inflammatory emollients and protect against free radical damage.-Mica: Provides subtle brightening effects for a healthy glow. Water, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Dicaprylyl Ether, Cetearyl Alcohol, Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Glyceryl Stearate, Glyceryl Stearate Citrate, Microcrystalline Cellulose, Benzyl Alcohol, Xanthan Gum, Cellulose Gum, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Glycerin, Hydrogenated Polyisopentadiene, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Peel Oil, Silica, Mica, Tin Oxide, Lecithin, Dehydroacetic Acid, Disodium EDTA, Arbutin, Glutathione, Retinyl Palmitate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Ascorbic Acid, Alcohol, Linoleic Acid, Linolenic Acid, Limonene, Linalool, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).
Our seamless, molded low u-back bustier/torsolette will solve your dilemma about what to wear under more revealing special occasion dresses. seamless, molded, padded cups for a no-show, natural look extra support in the cup fiber-contoured and added stay in bottom of cup for larger sizes extra long body provides great shaping and hip coverage for generous tummies, consider moving up one size in the band and down one size in the cup adjustable, detachable straps full coverage and support underwire and boning back support body: polyester body lining: nylon cups and fiberfill: polyester cup lining: nylon backs: nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
He's sure to stand out in a crowd with these cotton shorts featuring a cool glow-in-the-dark graphic print of Disney Collection's Fab Four. 100% cotton washable imported
Give your business style a modern makeover with this colorful, easy-care broadcloth in a sleek and slim fit. easy-care performance specially sewn seams lay flat, resist puckering slim fit spread collar button front long sleeves adjustable cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
Cozy, comfortable and practical, these easy-to-wear slippers feature are perfect for when you’re relaxing around the home—inside and out. technology S.U.P.R.O.® technology for comfort Altron™ heel cushion for excellent shock absorption construction synthetic upper rubber sole details slip on moc toe contrast stitching and trim
Her cuteness will leave you speechless when she's wearing this adorable headband and matching socks set.   includes headband and socks headband: polyester socks: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Upgrade your casual look with our tee, featuring a split neck and lace details along the yoke for added feminine flair.  split neck short sleeves lace details 25½-27 length cotton/polyester washable imported
What it is: A Sephora exclusive cheek palette featuring four exclusive blush shades, the iconic Laguna Bronzing Powder, and Paloma Contour Blush. What it does: Contour, highlight, and bring a pop of color to your complexion with this multifaceted cheek palette. The four blush shades give you natural, healthy-looking color that immediately brightens up the complexion. Then highlight skin with a diffused, golden shimmer hue and get a natural-looking tan with Laguna Bronzing Powder. With a duo of contouring shades to sculpt the face, The Paloma Contour Powder is perfect for creating seamless, subtle dimension with one sculpting product. The deeper shade enhances definition while the lighter shade illuminates the high points of the face, providing an instant soft-focus effect without shine or shimmer. This palette contains: - 0.12 oz Contour Blush in Paloma I (pink beige), Paloma II (deep rose) - 0.29 oz Laguna Bronzing Powder (diffused brown powder with golden shimmer) - 0.12 oz I Blush in Icy Lilac - 0.12 oz II Blush in Sausalito Sunset - 0.12 oz III Blush in Shimmering Rose Peach - 0.12 oz IV Blush in Fleshy Pink
Just right for lying around all night--or all day--our microfleece pajama pants feature an easy, relaxed fit and super-soft cotton blend. elastic waistband polyester washable imported
A unique and beautiful interpretation of your religious belief, this two-tone cross pendant showcases white sapphires in a dazzling arrangement.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold over sterling silver and rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Lab-created white sapphires, 4x4mm, 1.5mm Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 rope chain Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
These ankle boots make the perfect neutral accessory to any outfit with their sleek design and comfortable wedge heel. synthetic upper 3 heel ½ platform 4¼ shaft height 10 shaft circumference rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
A shiny, metallic threaded accent brings dazzling appeal to our sparkling flats from Arizona.   plastic/cotton/polyurethene upper slip on polyester/thermoplastic-rubber sole
Give your fine wines the love they deserve with this wine decanter featuring a curvaceous shape that aerates wine so each bottle reaches its full flavor potential.   mouth-blown glass construction 1-liter capacity comes in a black gift box Glass. Hand wash. Imported.
Head to the beach in our tee, featuring Dri-FIT moisture-wicking technology and flat seams to reduce chafing.  UPF 40 protection crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
Our long-sleeve T-shirt—with moisture-wicking stretch fabric and no-chafe seams—is designed to perform just as hard as you do. Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry stretch fabric for freedom of movement no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin approx. 26¾ - 29 length nylon/metallic/spandex washable imported
Slide into a pillow of comfort with these leather loafers featuring stretch goring for ultimate flexibility and a stacked wedge heel for a tailored look. technology Pillowtop® comfort footbed construction leather upper rubber sole details 1½ stacked heel slip on stretch goring for flexibility
You will feel light as a feather in our ballerina slipper, featuring Dearfoams comfort cushioning and indoor/outdoor durability. ●    polyester upper and lining●    EVA waterproof sole●    machine wash, dry flat●    imported
The Nutri Ninja - Ninja Blender Duo with Auto-iQ takes the guesswork out of drink making. Auto-iQ Technology features intelligent programs that combine unique, timed pulsing, blending and pausing patterns that do the work for you. digital countdown timer displays how much time is remaining on the selected Auto-iQ program, or counts up to track blending time when using the three manual speeds combined with Nutri Ninja Pro Extractor Blades™, Auto-iQ breaks down whole fruits, vegetables, ice and seeds for maximum nutrient and vitamin extraction regular and jumbo multi-serve Nutri Ninja cups with Sip & Seal™ lids allow you to make nutrient-rich super juices to take on-the-go Total Crushing™ technology delivers unbeatable professional power Ninja Auto-iQ combined with the XL 72-once blender’s Total Crushing blades pulverize ice to snow in seconds for creamy frozen drinks and smoothies for the whole family all parts are BPA free Includes: 2 Nutri Ninja Nutrient Extractor Cups with To-Go Lids (24-ounce and 32-ounce capacities) 1 set of Pro Extractor Blades 1 set of Total Crushing Blades 72-ounce blending pitcher inspiration guide 3-day jump-start plan 1300 watts. Plastic. Measures 15¾x10¼x16⅜H. Parts are dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Outfit your bathroom with soft new carpet from this rug collection featuring a nonskid latex back. vibrant, lasting color—wash after wash stain resistant ultra soft coordinates with Signature Soft Solid and Damask towels Nylon. Washable. Made in America. Oblong rugs: available in 17x24”, 20x34”, 24x40, 30x50 and 20x60 Contour rug (fits around toilet base): 20x24 Standard Lid Cover: 17x19 Elongated Lid Cover: 17x21 Tank set: 13x27 and 15x39 Carpets: 60x72 and 72x120 Note: 60x72 is a 5x6' carpet and 72x120 is a 6x10' carpet. Both can be cut to fit the size of your bathroom.
Our Maidenform body briefer provides firm control and helps smooth and shape your tummy, waist and back for a smooth, sexy looking appearance. The Wear Your Own Bra feature allows you to wear your favorite bra for any occasion.    firm control Wear Your Own Bra for fit flexibility helps smooth tummy, waist and back helps provide all-over smoothing and control hook-and-eye gusset nylon/elastane/cotton hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #2656
These handcrafted, European-style slip-on wedges provide all day comfort with a stretchable upper and padded insole. construction LYCRA® spandex upper synthetic sole details 2½” heel slip-on entry padded insole for comfort provides great traction in any weather
Stretchy and stylish, these European-style boots provide a comfortable custom fit. construction leather/LYCRA® spandex upper synthetic sole details 1¾” heel 13” shaft height 15” shaft circumference zip entry comfortable removable insole with soft lining leather heel counter and gusset goring for a secure fit stretch fabric for comfort soft, durable material is lightweight and shock absorbing
Wear your name or the name of someone you love with this block font name necklace. Made in America.   Metal: Sterling silver, 10K white or yellow gold or 14K white or yellow gold Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long curb chainPersonalize: Up to 10 letters   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This double hamper has two separate sections so you can sort your lights and darks before laundry day. The attached lid keeps everything neat and organized. lined attached lid 2 sections 4-load capacity papercord/wood/polyester wipe clean with a damp cloth 20.5x15.5x24H imported
For that special person who puts the twinkle in your eye, this sterling silver moon and star pendant features a sweet saying that expresses your love: I love you to the moon & back.   Metal: Sterling silver Metal Color: White Closure: Spring ring Length: 18 Forzatina chain Pendant Size: .59x.85 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Finish off your look with this genuine leather tote, featuring a classic silhouette and sleek lines.   16-20″ adjustable strap double handles zip closure 100% leather exterior front zip pocket and back slip pocket with magnetic closure interior back wall zip pocket and 2 cellphone pockets 13½x4x10¾ imported
Add eye-catching detail to your casual looks in our attention-grabbing riding boots, featuring an asymmetrical knee-high shaft adorned with a contrasting back zipper and brass stud accents.  faux-leather upper 1 block heel with ½ platform 16 shaft height regular calf: 15 shaft circumference wide calf: 17 shaft circumference back-zip closure round toe faux-fur lining slightly padded footbed rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size. 
From the proud French leg design to the one-of-a-kind rubbed finish, this four-drawer chest is a flawless balance of warmth and elegance.   hardwood solids, engineered wood and oak veneer construction distressed oak and heavily rubbed finishes finished with several distressing techniques four storage drawers—the top two of which are a split design and felt lined as well raised corner peg accents detailed brass hardware Measures 36Wx19Dx32H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.  
For a touch of stylish sparkle in your closet use these fun glitter hangers to customize the look. made from high-quality plastic 2 indents to hang slim straps pack of 6 each measures 16x9H wipe clean imported
The rich finish and elegant turned legs of this coffee table showcase fine European craftsmanship and attention to detail.   solid hardwood construction with a cherry veneer dark cherry finish corner-block and bolt joinery 2 spacious storage drawers with wood glides bottom shelf adds extra display space plastic glides on feet help prevent surface damage Measures 50Wx28Dx18H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Imported.
  The ultimate boot for the urban cowgirl, the Adobe Rose western boot features a shorter 7 shaft with side zipper closure for ease of entry and a standard cowboy-boot heel for a classic look.   leather upper short, western heel 7 shaft height side zipper closure J toe cushioned insole composition rubber sole    
Keep your feet comfortable while on the move with the targeted cushioning and climacool®360-degree ventilation technology of these performance short crew socks. arch compression for support climacool technology provides maximum breathability cushioned heel and toe acrylic/polyester/nylon/spandex/latex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12
She'll love the cute print front and adorable tie front on our playful tee. roundneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
This high-performing wet/dry vacuum features a powerful 6-½HP motor with large capacity to take on the biggest, toughest cleaning jobs. top handle ensures easy lifting impressive 18-gallon tank capacity UltraWeb Cartridge filter collects small and large particles 18-ft. power cord with onboard cord wrap 4 modes: auto shutoff, wet surface, blower and dry surface includes: tough PU tank, 12-ft. hose, crevice tool, nozzle, wand, extension tube, Lock-On system, tool basket, high-efficiency drywall bag and tank drain 30x19.5x19.5H plastic wipe clean made in America
Experience the feel of our comfortable, lightweight Nike slide sandals with an innovative outsole that provides groundbreaking flexibility. technology solarsoft midsole construction synthetic upper rubber sole details slide entry lightweight flexible outsole
Better basics, like this soft cotton pocket tee from Spalding, help keep your everyday looks up to speed. Available in a variety of colors. regular fit crewneck tag-free neck short sleeves logo on left sleeve left chest patch pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Featuring a chic design and champagne finish, this wall clock goes well with the decor in any room of your home. plastic 18½x18½ requires 1 “AA” battery, not included imported
Our classic shower curtain features a contemporary style with its chic contrasting borders and sheen appearance. traditional, timeless design for decor gold or silver accents shower curtain liner recommended coordinating accessories sold separately 70x72 polyester washable imported
You'll love the way our belted soft pants slim your figure, while stylish rolled cuffs give you the option to create another look. pleated front zipper with hook-and-eye closure at side hem 30 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported  
What it is: A set of three makeup sponges that provide streak-free, buildable coverage. What it does: This set of three reusable makeup sponges comes nestled in a portable travel bag for the perfect makeup application at home or on the go. The hot pink sponge applies liquid and cream formulations evenly, while the soft pink sponges apply powder products smoothly or offer sheer coverage when used with liquid or cream products. This set contains: - Hot pink sponge - 2 x Soft sponges What else you need to know: Theses sponges feature antibacterial treatment to keep them germ-free. They can be washed and reused multiple times while retaining their antibacterial properties. They are also latex-free.
These sporty flip flops feature a comfortable cushioned lining and adjustable strap for full comfort on the most casual days. construction synthetic upper rubber/EVA sole details 1⅕ heel adjustable strap cushioned synthetic lining
Get easy breezy style with our sleeveless graphic tops, the ultimate in comfortable, casual chic style. v-neck 26 length polyester/rayon machine wash/line dry imported
Warm up his sporty style with these soft training pants from Xersion. 2-side pockets polyester washable imported  
Inspired by Persian styles, this round rug features traditional patterns in distinctive, rich tones, providing a solid foundation for your room's decor. easy-care fabric power-loomed construction durable polypropylene crafted in Turkey ½ overall thickness measures 63 in diameter Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean. Professional cleaning recommended. Origin: Imported
You'll come up with reasons to wear our textured lace dress. roundneck sleeveless embroidered yoke 34 length from shoulder cotton/nylon polyester lining hand wash, lined dry imported
Premium quality, looks and sound define this snare drum from Mapex. It's the perfect addition to your drum kit. low-mass lugs flanged steel hoops fully-adjustable throw-offs Remo drumheads chrome hardware maple shell wood/metal alloy/mylar wipe clean 14x14x8H assembly required; key tool included imported
Weekday to weekend, our relaxed French terry pants are the perfect fit for your active lifestyle on and off the track. elastic waist 2 front slant pockets cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 30 inseam misses short: 27½ inseam petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam
You'll turn heads in our modern platform sandals, with a high heel you'll love. synthetic upper 5 heel t-strap with adjustable buckle open toe synthetic sole
These bodysuits make a great neutral, white undershirt option for your little one to wear everyday.●    nickel-free snaps on reinforced panels●    expandable shoulders●    short sleeves●    pack of 5●    100% cotton●    washable●    imported  
Free up cabinet and drawer space in your kitchen with this sleek and convenient hanging pot rack.     equipped with 12 hooks to hang pots and pans movable hooks are designed to stay in place when removing cookware   sturdy steel construction with an easy-care matte black powdercoat finish hanging chains and mounting hardware included Steel. Measures 33x17¼x1¾H. Wipe clean. Imported.
Add shimmering shine to your hair with Sebastian Shine Crafter Wax, a malleable, moldable styling wax that will give you a polished appearance.   contains rock crystal extract for flexible definition use on wet or dry hair works on all hair types 1.7 oz. Imported. How to use: Emulsify into hands and apply to wet hair as a base for blow-drying. Slick down for smooth surface shine or apply on dry hair for molding definition.  JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.  
These personalized specialty beer glasses provide every beer connoisseur with the perfect collection to enjoy all of their favorite brews.   clear glass construction each features a different shape can be engraved with a single block initial 4-piece set includes: 20-ounce curved pilsner 16.6-ounce stemmed pilsner 16-ounce beer can glass 16-ounce classic pilsner Glass. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
The Naturepedic Organic Cotton Classic 150 will provide your child with a more natural, healthy and comfortable sleep environment. With 150 coils, edge support, organic cotton throughout, and a firm easy-to-clean non-toxic waterproof surface, the Organic Cotton Classic 150 is an excellent choice for parents seeking to eliminate potentially harmful chemicals and allergens. Naturepedic is a GOTS certified organic mattress manufacturer and has earned the trust of moms and doctors across the country. Naturepedic also meets the strictest GREENGUARD® certification standards for eliminating chemical emissions. Winner of numerous awards and prestigious endorsements, Naturepedic organic crib mattresses are simply the healthiest available. Wipe clean waterproof surface so pure it meets food contact standards Certified organic cotton fabric & filling Firm and comfortable 150 coils plus edge support Safe hypoallergenic design free from harmful chemicals Measures 27.75” x 52” x 6” Square corners for a snug fit Heirloom quality with lifetime limited warranty Made in the U.S.A.
Add a bold print and bright color to your patio or deck with this chain-link-patterned chair cushion. It's water repellant and fade resistant, making it ideal for your outdoor living space. fade resistant water repellant polyester with polyester fill spot clean 22x45x5 filled and finished in America with imported materials
Our Possibilities fabric furniture program gives you the freedom to create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement. Simply choose your fabric, then select your pieces from the versatile collection of Possibilities sofas, chairs, chaises, corner pieces, sleepers and more.   oak and plywood frame removable and reversible foam cushions removable feet Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester/linen blend; 92% polyester/8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. 3-piece sectional has a 20H seat and includes: Armless sofa: 63Wx39Dx36H Right-arm wedge: 63Wx50Dx36H Left-arm corner sofa: 89Wx39Dx36H Made in America of imported materials. All colors except raven and pumice are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance. 
It will be assumed that your culinary creations are absolutely delicious when you wear this unisex chef coat. Double-breasted with a stand up collar and eight pearl buttons is about as professional as you can look in a kitchen. Oh, wait! This chef coat is made of preshrunk fabric so it retains its shape, while stain-resistant technology helps wash away sauce spots, chocolate spatters and other wayward ingredients. A professional look plus shape-retention and stain-resistance is a sweet combination. double-breasted with stand up collar and eight pearl buttons preshrunk fabric with stain-resistant technology classic fit pre-cured treated to release stains reversible front standup collar clean-finish cuffs vented left chest pocket non-yellowing UV buttons polyester/cotton twill washable imported  
Made for the fan of Sesame Street in your life, this chair desk boasts colorful graphics of Elmo and the rest of the gang and features a removable cup holder for art supplies and a storage bin underneath to keep books or toys close at hand.   removable cup holder underneath storage bin 20.47x22.83x23.23 for ages 3-6 for use up to 50lbs assembly required MDF/plastic/fabric wipe clean with damp cloth imported meets CPSIA/ CPSC requirements
Polish off your look with this cute charm necklace, featuring dyed blue lapis, flower and butterfly pendants.   Metal: Rhodium-plated-silver-plated brass Stones: Dyed blue lapis Closure: Spring-ring Dimension: 18″ chain plus 2″ extender   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The elaborate mask disguises the fact that this art piece is actually a jewelry organizer. Tassels, feathers, beads, sequins and fabric adorn the metal stand to make each time you put on jewelry a celebration. eight arms hold jewelry indented bowl holds rings 4x7x11H polyresin/fabric/metal imported jewelry not included  
With a fun layer and a modern attitude, our blouse has a look you will want to pair with your favorite leggings for a fresh new look.   roundneck long sleeves approx. 27¼ length polyester washable imported
Our pencil skirt gets its modern flare from an m-shaped front waistband that hugs your curves.   back zip and vent 22 length extreme orchid: polyester/spandex all other colors: polyester/rayon/spandex polyester lining washable imported
Laidback, casual style gets a girly touch with these easy-match, cropped jeans, featuring delicate crochet butterfly back pockets. 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure crochet butterfly on back pockets cuffed, cropped cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Allover lace and a daring cheeky cut infuse little hints of happiness into our ultra-feminine panties by Ambrielle. nylon/elastane/cotton lining washable imported Small: 5 Medium: 6 Large: 7 X-Large: 8 XX-Large: 9 
What it is:A specially formulated eye cream that helps to hydrate, reduce redness, and soothe laser-treated skin. What it is formulated to do:The Nourishing Eye Renewal Cream is specially formulated with hyaluronic acid and ginger extract to help moisturize, diminish redness, and calm skin. The innovative metal applicator tip helps soothe and cool skin after laser treatment, so eyes feel rested and revitalized. Research results:In a clinical study at 8 weeks of treatment: - 83% say it provides immediate radiance effect - 91% say it soothes and hydrates skin post laser treatment - 87% say skin looks brighter and fresher Suggested Usage:-Apply nightly to the eye area following laser treatment.-Gently massage into skin using cooling tip.Precautions:-For external use only.-Stop if irritation develops. Size:13.5 ozIngredients:-Retinol: Helps reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles around the eyes.-Hyaluronic Acid: Helps skin hydration and moisture retention.-Ginger Extract: Helps reduce redness and soothe skin.-Buckwheat Wax: Helps to reduce puffiness.Water, Pentylene Glycol, Isononyl Isononanoate, Cetearyl Olivate, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Sorbitan Olivate, Butylene Glycol, Polyacrylate Crosspolymer, Ceramide NP, Ceramide AP, Ceramide EOP, Phytosphingosine, Sodium Hyaluronate, Niacinamide, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1, Retinol, Squalane, Panthenol, Bisabolol, Zingiber Officinale (Ginger) Root Extract, Polygonum Fagopyrum (Buckwheat) Seed Extract, Crithmum Maritimum Extract, Hydroxyphenyl Propamidobenzoic Acid, Saccharide Hydrolysate Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Hydrogenated Vegetable Oil, PCA Dimethicone, Glyceryl Polymethacrylate, Sodium Lauroyl Lactylate, Sodium PCA, Glycine, Inositol, Lactic Acid, Sodium Lactate, Propylene Glycol, Polysorbate 20, Urea, Maltodextrin, Cholesterol, Carbomer, Xanthan Gum, Fructose, Sodium Benzoate, Sorbitan Isostearate, Polysorbate 60, BHT, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, BHA, Tocopherol, Fragrance,Geraniol, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Linalool, Limonene.
Your room will be a hoot with this super-cute owl decorative pillow that shows off your quirky style. owl pattern front solid color on back measures 14x14 Polyester/spandex with polystyrene fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Make a bold statement in our scoopneck lace-trim tank top, which is perfect for sunny days and warm weather. lace trim at bottom hem approx. 21-22 length 100% rayon washable imported
Get ready for rainy weather in our rain boots, featuring a mid-calf boot shaft and side bows for an ultra-femme look. PVC upper 1 heel 11 shaft height 14 shaft circumference side bow details round toe loop for easy slip-on PVC sole
Top off your window with the beauty and elegance it deserves using this rod-pocket scalloped valance from Royal Velvet.     rich look and feel of silk lined and interlined for added fullness and improved insulation easy-to-hang rod-pocket styling Measures 54x20L. Sold individually. Panels sold separately. Hang on a rod up to 1¼ in diameter. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
What it is: A collection of palettes with five multi-use lip and cheek creams, curated based on skin skintone: one palette for cool and one for warm. What it does: Expertly handpicked to give your lips and cheeks the perfect spectrum of warm and cool-toned shades, these flower-inspired palettes of feature two-in-one lip and cheek creams: Sunrise Splendor has cool tones and Sunset Serenade comes with warm tones. The creamy formula blends smoothly into your complexion, for petal-soft lips and cheeks blooming with a wash of radiant, natural-looking color. A makeupbag must-have, these palettes offer multitasking shades that are perfect for taking on the go. This set contains: - 5 x 0.26 Lip and Cheek Cream What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: Choose the palette (sold separately) that matches your skintone: The Sunrise Splendor palette: brightens lips and cheeks with cool shades as captivating as the first light of day. It includes English Rose (dusty rose), Lillium (nude pink), Cherry Blossom (bubble gum pink), Fuchsia (bright pink), and Tulip (deep berry) shades. The Sunset Serenade palette: imparts a warm, resplendent glow like the final moments of a setting sun. It features Petunia (coral pink), Peach Blossom (coral peach), Gerbera (peach cream), Camellia (peach caramel), and Twilight Rose (warm marsala) shades.Suggested Usage: For lips: -Apply with fingertips or a lip brush. For cheeks: -Tap your ring finger into product and gently warm against your thumb. -Then tap color onto cheeks, blending outward and upward. Can also be applied with a brush.Size:0.26 ozIngredients:Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Lanolin Oil, Beeswax (Cera Alba), Octyl Dodecanol, Microcrystalline Wax, Phenyl Trimethicone, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ozokerite, Hydrogenated Palm Kernel Glycerides, Octyl Palmitate, Isononyl Isononanoate, C-12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Hydrogenated Palm Glycerides, Bht. (+/-) Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Red 7 Lake (Cl 15850), Red 28 Lake (Ci 45410), Red 30 Lake (Ci 73360), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140), Red 22 Lake (Ci 45380).
The WindTunnel MAX Bagged Upright Vacuum with patented WindTunnel technology utilizes three distinct air channels to lift and remove hidden, deep-down dirt other vacuums may leave behind.   HEPA media vacuum bags cleans both carpeted areas and hard floors the 15 cleaning nozzle and 30' cord allow you to clean more area features an on/off brush roll control with seven floor settings provides up to 15' of above-floor cleaning reach includes a powered air-driven hand tool, dusting/upholstery tool, crevice tool and  telescoping wand Heavy-duty ABS plastic/metal. Measures 15x14x44H. Imported.
This 2-piece set, which features a cross-dyed neon tank top and a matching skirt, is sure to become your little one's new favorite outfit.●    screen-printed graphics●    no-pinch elastic waistband●    tank top: cotton/polyester●    skirt: 100% cotton●    washable●    imported  
An allover Fair Isle-inspired print gives our thermal T-shirt fresh flair that goes well with both knit pants and jeans. approx. 26⅞ - 28¾ length cotton/polyester washable imported
What it is:An award-winning, highly effective one-step facial cleanser to tone and hydrate skin.What it is formulated to do:Begin with the most basic step of all. Purity Made Simple one-step facial cleanser is an award-winning cleanser that melts away dirt, oil, and makeup. It tones and lightly hydrates in one simple step for skin that feels perfectly clean and comfortably balanced. Formulated for all skin types and gentle enough for the sensitive eye area, it deep cleans pores while natural oil extracts help condition skin.What else you need to know:Purity Made Simple is part of a collection of philosophy products designed to soothe even the most dry and sensitive skin. It is a 2008 Best of Sephora Winner. You may also use this fragrance-free formula to clean your makeup brushes.Research results:Clinical results:- 100% reported that the cleanser is gentle enough for the eye area- 97% reported effective removal of dirt, oil, and makeup- 97% reported a clean, residue-free finishSuggested Usage:-At the end of each day or at the beginning of each morning, take a small amount with a little water and massage onto skin for 30 to 60 seconds.-Rinse at a leisurely pace.Precautions:-For external use only.-Use only as directed.-Discontinue use if irritation occurs.-Avoid contact with eyes.-Keep out of reach of children.Ingredients​ -Sodium Lauroamphoacetate: Acts as a mild surfactant that gently cleanses the skin without irritation or residue.-Meadowfoam Seed Oil: Lightly hydrates and leaves skin comfortable, not pulled or tight.-Sodium Trideceth Sulfate: Pulls dirt, debris, and makeup from the skin and dissolves them.-Twelve-Essential Oil Blend (Including Rosewood, Sandalwood, and Sage): Helps soften, soothe, and rejuvenate the skin.Water, Sodium Lauroamphoacetate, Sodium Trideceth Sulfate, Limnanthes Alba (Meadowfoam) Seed Oil, Coco-Glucoside, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Alcohol, Peg-120 Methyl Glucose Dioleate, Aniba Rosaeodora (Rosewood) Wood Oil, Geranium Maculatum Oil, Guaiacum (Guaiacum Officinale) Extract, Cymbopogon Martini Oil, Rosa Damascena Extract, Amyris Balsamifera Bark Oil, Santalum Album (Sandalwood) Oil, Salvia Officinalis (Sage) Oil, Cinnamomum Cassia Leaf Oil, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Oil, Daucus Carota Sativa (Carrot) Seed Oil, Piper Nigrum (Pepper) Seed Extract, Polysorbate 20, Glycerin, Carbomer, Triethanolamine, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Citric Acid, Imidazolidinyl Urea, Yellow 5 (Ci 19140).
Colorful print shorts liven up her days. elastic waistband with bow cotton/polyester washable imported
Soft, breathable cotton-blend construction make our wirefree bra a look good, feel great option. full figure, full coverage delicate lace accents wide padded shoulder straps reduce strain soft inner bands criss-cross for great support, uplift and natural shape wirefree cotton/polyester/nylon/elastane machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #1031  
A bold print takes our fit-and-flare dress to a new level of exciting style.   scoopneck sleeveless approx. 37¾ length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported  
It's kisses all around with these X stud earrings. More durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking, they are crafted from 14K yellow gold that's gone through a patented hardening process. They will also maintain their consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Hypoallergenic and nickel free.   Metal: 14K yellow goldBack: PostDimensions: 10.07x16.31mm long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Celebrate everyday heroes with this sheet set featuring a fun and inspired print. 100% cotton sheet set fits mattresses up to 15 deep cotton washable imported Sets include: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase(s) Twin set includes one standard pillowcase. Full sets include two standard pillowcases.
This pair of salt and pepper grinders automatically grind your favorite seasonings evenly with the press of a button.   LED light guides the way, perfect for dimly lit settings sold as a pair ceramic grinder is great for salt dial adjusts coarseness powered by 4 AA batteries (sold separately) 2-piece set includes: salt grinder pepper grinder Stainless steel. Imported.
What it is:A limited-edition kit featuring two favorites, Pure Deepsea Hydrating Mask and the Get Glowin’ Brightening Mask, with a travel-size of the Pure Revival Peel. What it is formulated to do:Pure Revival Peel gently exfoliates away dead skin even as it repairs to reveal smoother, refined skin that is the perfect canvas for makeup application. It enables other skincare products to be better absorbed and is gentle enough for sensitive or blemish-prone skin. Get Glowin’ Brightening Mask features proven Asian and cutting-edge brightening ingredients for unmatched power to brighten skintone, diminish the look of age spots and hyper-pigmentation, and minimize the appearance of pores. The careful selection of ingredients with vitamin C, licorice extract, scutellaria baicalensis extract, and panax ginseng extract work together to give you visibly glowing, smooth, and translucent skin with every use. Seal in the goodness with the overnight wonder, Pure Deepsea Hydrating Mask. This sleep-in or rinse-off transparent gel mask contains the nutrient-rich Okinawa deepsea water for an instant moisture boost, soya bean extract for anti-redness and brightening benefits, and hyaluronic acid for long-lasting hydration. This set contains:1 oz Pure Deepsea Hydrating Mask- 1 oz Get Glowin' Brightening Mask- 0.68 oz Pure Revival PeelWhat it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens Research results:In an independent US study on Pure Revival Peel after 1 day: - 96% said skin felt repaired - 94% said skin felt soft and smooth - 90% said skin experienced visible exfoliation After 28 days: - 98% said skin looked more refined and visibly brighter In an independent us study on Pure Deepsea Mask after 1 day: - 100% said skin felt smoother and more supple - 98% said skin felt and appeared deeply hydrated - 96% said skin glowed with natural radiance After 28 days: - 100% said their skin clarity was improved, skin felt nourished, and skin texture was more refined - 98% said skin was left looking visibly brighter in the morning and appearance of pores was minimized Suggested Usage:Pure Revival Peel:-Apply to dry, clean skin.-Leave on for 10 seconds, then massage in circular motion. -Rinse off with warm water. -Use two to three times a week. Get Glowin’ Brightening Mask:-After cleansing your face, apply a thick layer evenly on dry skin. -Rinse off with lukewarm water after 10 minutes.Pure Deepsea Hydrating Mask-Apply to clean, dry skin and leave on for 30 minutes or overnight for optimal results. Rinse with warm water. Tips: -Intensive Treat: use the Get Glowin’ Brightening Mask seven to 14 days consecutively as an intensive brightening treatment. Follow up with the Pure Deepsea Hydrating Mask for intense hydration. -Multi-Masking: use both the Get Glowin’ Brightening Mask and Pure Deepsea Hydrating Mask together to give your skin what it needs, where it needs. Apply the Get Glowin’ Brightening Mask on the T-zone and cheekbones for a highlighter treatment and apply the Pure Deepsea Hydrating Mask on your cheek area to treat dehydration.
Sand dollars nesting on a beach-colored background create ocean-inspired style that gives this rug a sea—or home—worthy look. woven construction durable, easy-care polypropylene crafted in Egypt ¼ pile height; ¾ overall thickness measures 33x20 Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Machine wash, line dry. Origin: Imported
Get the skinny on a great everyday look by slipping into our sateen pants with back decorative pockets.   button-and-zip fly 5-pocket styling skinny fit cotton/spandex washable imported
Give your outdoor living area a colorful update with this 2-pack of fish-patterned wicker seat cushions. They're not only comfortable, they're water repellant and fade resistant to withstand the elements. fade resistant water repellant polyester with polyester fill spot clean 19x19x5 filled and finished in America with imported materials
Diamond Ring, refreshingly original, 1 ct. t.w. draws inspiration from a classic design and takes it to the next level. Brilliant princess-shaped stones in a quad-head setting give the illusion of a 3-stone ring but with four times the sparkle! Round, channel-set side stones enhance the sophisticated look. It's the perfect ring for the woman in a class of her own.   Metal: 10K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. princess-shaped and round diamonds Color: J-K Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Invisible and channel Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A solid choice for comfort and style, our versatile crewneck T-shirt in sporty slub jersey gives your look a stylish mix. 100% cotton washable imported
Take on your workout in comfort and style with our Quick-Dri compression capris. Quick-Dri moisture-wicking fabric compression fit 3 waistband with 1 elastic key pocket no-chafe seams 21” inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Savor the rustic appeal of oven-to-table dining with this colorful casserole dish featuring earthy, handcrafted styling and an easy-to-clean design.   sturdy hard enamel and aluminum exterior nonstick interior releases foods effortlessly stainless steel handles are dual-riveted for added strength 5-quart capacity oven safe to 500°F Hard enamel, aluminum and stainless steel. Hand wash. Imported.
This multicolor beaded bracelet with silver-tone accents coils around your wrist, creating a gorgeous addition to any outfit. Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Beads Dimensions: 55mm circumferenceJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Comfortably classic Ambrielle Natural Comfort high-cut panties in an ultra-soft cotton-blend are an irresistible everyday favorite. cotton/spandex washable imported Small: 5 Medium: 6 Large: 7 X-Large: 8 XX-Large: 9 
Whether you're sautéing foods or preparing risotto, this sauté pan is the quintessential piece for any chef's kitchen. The deep, straight sides of this entertaining-size pan give extra capacity so that you can braise, stew, deglaze, or add additional ingredients after browning.   hard-anodized construction provides even heat, helping to reduce hot spots that can burn food durable nonstick interior for exceptional food release unique oval shape not only makes for a distinctive design but also saves space on the stovetop because another pot can fit on the burner behind it roomy enough for meals when entertaining a crowd or for family meals during the week tempered glass lid allows you to oversee cooking while heat and moisture are sealed in fun handles are rubberized for comfort and dual-riveted for strength oven safe to 350ºF Aluminum. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Brand: Simplify Dial Color: Black Strap: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 40mm Case Thickness: 10mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8.25 long; 20mm wide Model No.: Sim0401 Special Features: Day/date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Handle short trips or long vacations in rugged style with this wheeled duffel bag that has plenty of space. expandable up to 2.25 Repelaweave and Repelagrid fabrics for maximum protection against elements water-resistant and ripstop fabric double stitch seams durable aircraft aluminum pull handle with rubberized grip padded comfort grab handles for easy lifting ventilated, high-density and load-absorbing skeletal foam shoulder straps padded, tuck-away and load bearing hip belt to carry up to 70% of the load load stabilizing sternum strap adjustable load lifter straps to transport weight over the center of gravity 3 interior compartments 2 exterior compartments 2 stationary rugged wheels with impact-absorbing wheel housing and bumper fortification TSA approved lined interior with divider and garment straps heavy duty compression straps for zipper and seam stress release zippered divider curtain for packing versatility expandable drop-bottom compartment for 15% additional packing space Hypalon® corner protection and kick plate durable water-repellent zippers Nylon. Measures 26x14.5x12.5H; weighs 9.1 pounds. Spot clean. Imported.
Add a clean, fresh look with these charming window tiers to effortlessly brighten up your kitchen window.   rod-pocket design for easy installation contrast color trim traces the natural drape of the fabric Tiers are sold in pairs. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. 1½ rod pocket. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
Hit the refresh button on your jeans-and-tee wardrobe with our split-back T-shirt for a breezy update to your warm-weather look. short sleeves boatneck split-back hemline 24½ front length polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Try French-cut panties for extra coverage and all day comfort.     package of 3 cotton washable imported  
These characters need a warm place to continue their adventures from the chilly landscapes of Disney's Frozen .   includes Sven, Hans, Anna, Elsa, Kristoff and Olaf each measures 2.5-4 tall for ages 3+ plastic imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
Slip into our sassy swing tank top for effortless style and easy-going fit. It will complement all your warm-weather separates or look great as a layering piece. v-neck 22¼- 23¼ length polyester/rayon washable imported
Embroidered Amanda jeans from Gloria Vanderbilt will add a little something special to your wardrobe. sits at waist straight leg 5-pocket styling 31 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Shake up her style with this super-cute cotton tee featuring a sassy graphic print. sleeveless 100% cotton washable imported
Complete your office look with our long-sleeve cardigan, with circle lace details and easy draping fabric for added feminine flair. lace details long sleeves polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Add a wool rug with a cotton backing for an easy way to update a room.   plush fiber with washed finish for luxuriously soft feel hand-tufted for rich, warm colors neutral palette fits in with most home decor Wool. Cotton backing. Professionally clean. 4-5mm pile height range. Rug pad recommended. Imported. It's perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep it under control until the rug has been seasoned and no longer sheds.
This floral logo tee from Nike gives your athletic style a fresh, tropical perspective. crewneck short sleeves cotton washable imported
Super soft and undeniably cuddly, this micro-fleece blanket will keep you warm and comforted all year long.   brushed micro fleece for extra softness lightweight warmth anti-pilling treatment on one side Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: 60x90 Full/Queen: 90x90 King blanket: 108x90
She'll look sweeter than ever when she spends her warm and sunny days in this sleeveless smocked romper by Okie Dokie. straightneck smocked front neck elastic waist cotton/polyester washable imported
Invigorate your space with the dreamy Wellington bedding set in a bold, elegant design.   woven jacquard paisley pattern in black and gold  charmeuse piping adds elegant detail 200 thread-count sateen cotton sheets for a cozy feel decorative pillows coordinate beautifully with comforter 12-piece bedding set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop 2 decorative pillows 2 Euro shams fitted sheet flat sheet 2 pillowcases Euro shams require a 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Queen set includes standard shams and pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets includes king shams and pillowcases.  Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester shams, Euro shams and bedskirt; cotton sheets and pillowcases. Washable. Polyester pillows with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. Queen: comforter is 90x92; flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 20x32 King: comforter is 106x92; flat sheet is 110x102; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 20x40 Cal. King: comforter is 106x92; flat sheet is 110x102; fitted sheet is 72x84; pillowcases are 20x40  
In the morning it's easy to ask the question of who gets taken care of first. Luckily for you, this pet mat knows the right answer.   protects floors underneath pet dishes or by the kitchen sink indoor/outdoor use perfect for any pet lover or smaller pet liquid resistant nonskid latex backing rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces measures 13x19 Cotton/polyester with latex backing. Machine wash, dry flat. Imported.
This easy-match pocket tee is a handsome choice for casual-day style. crewneck short sleeves chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
A timeless Irish sentiment. Crafted in stunning 18K yellow gold over sterling silver, these genuine emerald and diamond-accent earrings showcase a classic heart and crown design—representing love, loyalty and friendship.Metal: 18K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: 5mm heart-shaped genuine emeraldOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: Prong and pavéBack: WireDimensions: 17x26mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Head to the gym in our cropped leggings, featuring an elastic waist and an allover print for a cool athletic look. elastic waist mid rise 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Our printed leggings take that modern look to the next level with excitement in a bold and vivid print. wide waisband cotton/spandex washable imported
A rim around the exterior edge of this heavy-duty 14 round serving tray prevents glasses from sliding off.   black with brushed gold great for indoor or outdoor entertaining Plastic. Measures 14 in diameter. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.  
Intricate embroidery and warm shades highlight the Maya coverlet set, turning your bedroom into a restful retreat.   quilted medallion print with embroidered accents  microfiber fabric keeps you wrapped in comfort coverlet and shams have decorative trim 6-piece set includes: coverlet 2 shams 3 decorative pillows Full/Queen set includes standard shams. King set includes king shams.  Polyester coverlet with cotton fill; polyester shams; polyester pillows with polyester fill. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Full/Queen: coverlet is 90x90 King: coverlet is 104x94
For dressy or casual occasions, our Gloria Vanderbilt cotton capris are the perfect go-between cargo pockets 21 inseam 100% cotton Washable imported
Your child will love bedtime when they're surrounded by their favorite Sesame Street characters on this comforter. Sesame Street print polyester with polyester fill washable 64x86 imported
This Snow White watch is a perfect choice for the woman who's not afraid to face herself in the mirror. A sparkly bezel looks chic against a rose-tone case and black enamel bracelet band.   Brand: Disney Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Black metal alloy Clasp: Foldover clasp Movement: Analog Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 42mm Case Thickness: 3.6mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long, 18mm wide Model No.: W001000 Special Features: Japanese quartz movement, black enamel metal bracelet band, 3ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Fun cheetah print and bold colors give this decorative pillow a playful look that's sure to wow. playful Love design polyester with polyester fill spot clean 16x16 imported
Give your bedroom and simple yet chic style with our modern comforter set that feature a neutral print to easily coordinate. subtle gray color with outline details polyester; polyester fill washable queen comforter: 90x90 king comforter: 104x90 imported 8-piece queen and king sets include: comforter bedskirt with 14 drop 2 shams 2 Euro shams 2 decorative pillows: 12x18, 18x18 Queen sets include standard shams. King sets include king shams. Euro shams require a 26 pillow form, sold separately.
Give your mom the love and support she deserves with our diamond sterling silver heart pendant necklace. Metals: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: 1/10 c.t. tw. diamonds Setting: Prong Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 box chain Pendant Size: 16.5x21.5mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With a loose fit and flat front, our stretchy IZOD shorts work great wherever the day takes you.  loose fit zipper fly with button closure 6-pocket styling moisture wicking cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported
Part of the Slick Oil Paints collection, the sophisticated green of this essie® Jade in Manhattan nail polish turns even more bold when paired with the unique Over the Moonstone topcoat.●    made without DBP, toluene or formaldehyde●    made in America. How to use: Apply a thick layer of essie basecoat. Apply any combination of the three multi-dimensional, metallic shades on the nail. Seal with Over the Moonstone topcoat to pull color pigments to the surface and reveal rich, bold colors. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.  
A lively floral print and flower ornament lend sweet style to this darling sleeveless dress. sleeveless swiss dot fabric 100% cotton washable imported 
Experience a new level of clean with this rechargeable toothbrush. includes 2 brush heads with patent-pending technology easy push-on design color indicator ring recharges on its own compact storage base UL listed 2 brush heads and storage base on/off button 4⅛x5⅛x11¼H plastic wipe clean imported
Streaky, marled fleece gives our front-zip hooded jacket at updated look. elastic waist side pockets 29 inseam cotton/polyester washable imported
These pants have you covered when you’ve “got next” with an ultra-comfortable tricot fabric and easy-off zipper legs. sits at waist elastic waist with drawcord back pocket with self-adhesive closure straight leg open bottom with zipper polyester washable imported
What it is:A vivid nail lacquer in dynamic neon pearl and shimmer shades.What it does:This supercharged neon features an array of bold shades, created with the first-ever neon pearl and shimmer finishes. Made with rare and safe pigments formulated in Belgium, this versatile lacquer dries matte, and it can be worn as a high-gloss shade by simply adding a top coat.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know: This product is a three-free formulation.Suggested Usage:-Prep nails using Formula X Cleanse. -For a matte look and to help neon colors pop: Prep with Formula X Neon Base Coat, paint desired shade, and go. -For a glossy look and to prevent neon colors from fading: Apply a layer of Formula X Neon Top Coat. -For accelerated drying results, apply Formula X Drying Spray or Drops to prevent smudging. -For easy removal, try Formula X Delete, Delete All, or Delete To-Go. Size:0.4 oz
This sporty slip-on boasts a super-clean design coupled with superior comfort. The minimalist upper is made of a lightweight mesh and highlighted with the iconic formstripe and logo.   nylon mesh/synthetic upper Cozifoam memory foam footbed for optimal step-in comfort compression-molded EVA midsole for ample shock absorption EVA sole 
Find all-around comfort and gentle support day or night in our Glamorise® Complete Comfort leisure bra.   self-adjusting cups for a great fit front hook racerback stay-down band prevents roll up extra-wide comfort straps prevent slipping nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported  manufacturer's style #1803    
The classic styling and soft slub fabric of our v-neck tee will make it one of the most versatile pieces in your closet.   cotton washable imported
Don't camouflage your unique style—show it off in our pocket-adorned camo pants. 5 front and 2 back pockets elastic cuffs 29½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Beautifully understated, the Toledo headboard is a lovely addition to any bedroom. Its simple styling and choice of finishes offer versatility that complements any décor.   pewter hardware durable construction choice of finishes Solid pine. Assembly required, allen wrench included. Imported. Twin: 43.75Hx39Wx 1.75D Full/Queen: 43.75Hx61.5Wx1.75D
A web of diamonds ensnares the round gemstones on the masterpiece design of these earrings.Metal: Sterling silverStones: 1/10 ct. t.w. diamondsOther Stones: 6x6mm round genuine peridotSetting: ProngDimensions: 12.8x12.5mm longDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Trails of flowers adorn this necklace for an accessory that helps your outfit bloom. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Acrylic stonesClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 20 long link chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our crew socks make for a perfect everyday sock to wear to work or with your sharp weekend outfits. cotton/polyester/elastane/spandex/nylon washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe size 7-12.5
We've adoringly captured a bit of sea life in this sparkling peridot and white topaz sea turtle pendant.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 2.6 ctw. oval genuine peridot, 7x5mm, 5x4mm Other Stones: .05 ctw. white topaz, 1mm Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 rope chain Pendant Size: 21x23mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care; ctw. is approximate. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give your style vintage detailing with this beautiful mother-of-pearl pendant showcased in silver over brass decorated with marcasite accents. Metal: Silver over brassStones: Marcasite and mother-of-pearlPendant Size: 15.67x38.34mm Marcasite may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring thicker memory foam and more encased coils for added comfort, this firm tight-top mattress provides allover support. premium soft cover fabric FrameGuard™ Fiber quilt and Hypersoft™ foam quilt layer comfort layers: 1 High Performance SealyFoam™; 1.5 SealyFoam; 0.5 SealyCool™ Gel Memory Foam Center 1/3 Sealy Embrace™ plus Encased Coil; CoreSupport™ center; SolidEdge HD System corner handles for easy transport polyester/polypropylene twin: 74.5x37.5x11.5H; 496 coil count twin xl: 79.5x37.5x11.5H; 528 coil count full: 74.5x53.5x11.5H; 682 coil count queen: 74.5x 59.5x11.5H; 825 coil count king: 74.5x75.5x11.5H; 1056 coil count cal. king: 83.5x71.5x11.5H; 990 coil count made in America Includes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring option also available.
A raised perimeter hugs the outline of the iconic Icthys fish, and a polished cross stands in the center of this 23K gold-plated tie tack.   gold-plated brass 23K gold
With two contrasting colors, this long chain necklace is so easy to mix and match with your other favorite accessories. Metal: Gold-tone and black metalClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 36 long curb/cable chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Give her room to run with these lightweight, Dri-FIT running shorts, equipped with built-in briefs for extra mobility and sporty contrast panels for winning style. Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric elastic waist with interior drawstring polyester washable imported
This sport watch integrates advanced training features into a sleek design. An extra-large display, multi-workout memory, digital heart rate monitor and audible pace alerts help you stay on top of your training. Brand: Timex Dial Color: Silver-tone Strap: Black resin Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 46mm Case Thickness: 15mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 22mm wide Model No.: T5K726F5 Special Features: Stopwatch; alarm; date display; target heart rate zones including time in zone; average heart rate for workout and lap; tap-screen technology; Indiglo night light Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
When your training heats up, these men's ribbed tank tops take the sweat out of the equation. They are made from sweat-wicking climalite fabric.   classic fit moisture-wicking tag-free cotton washable imported
Get the shoes to match your workout ambitions with our durable trail shoes. technology memory foam construction textile/leather upper rubber sole details relaxed fit quarter striped webbing elastic laces
Allover eyelet will lend intriguing texture to your feminine look in our anything-but-traditional jacket. one-button closure 23½ length 100% cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Getting all dolled up is fun with this festive, twirlable dress and coordinating cardigan from Bonnie Jean. includes dress and cardigan dress: scoopneck, sleeveless, front bow cardigan: long sleeves, velvet dress: polyester/metallic cardigan: polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
This floral tie in blue and cream tones will work great with navy, khaki or even denim. 3 wide, 58 long cotton dry clean only imported
Enhance your celebration with a best-dressed table when you use the Michelangelo Masterpiece set of four gourmet wine glasses.   clean, seamless design ultraclear and durable; high resistance to breakage beautifully-drawn stems reinforced with titanium 16-ounce capacity set of 4 Lead-free glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Keep your jewelry close at hand and secure with this mahogany-finish jewelry box. A locking top compartment keeps your valuables extra safe. There's plenty of storage for all the jewelry you wear most frequently.   scalloped lift lid with oval interior mirror locking top compartment has centralized ring rolls and 6 equally divided sections 3 drawers (top drawer is open, second has 6 sections, bottom has 4 depth-wise sections) dual necklace closets with catch panels and 3 hooks each pearlized pulls with brushed aluminum hardware tasseled key 13x8¼x8¾H fiberboard base; felt lining imported jewelry not included
Live Colorfully is for the woman who lights up every room she enters. The subtle notes of the fragrancelayered with a complex spectrum of bright florals, citrus, and muskremind her to step into the world of color around her. The notes shift playfully throughout the day to delight and surprise. The key note of gardenia is at the heart of this uplifting fragrance, but it’s the unexpected mix of classic vanilla and musk, along with exotic touches of coconut water and tiarè flower, that lend Live Colorfully its complexity and lasting depth. Notes: Mandarin, Pink Water Lily, Star Anise, Golden Gardenia, Tiaré Flower, Coconut Water, Sheer Amber, Musk, Tahitian Vanilla. Style: Sparkling. Modern. Whimsical. Size:0.34 oz
Forged from sturdy Japanese stainless steel, this incredibly sharp cleaver makes preparing meat easier than ever. rust-resistant stainless steel blade heavy-duty forged construction comfortable rounded handle made of heat- and water-resistant resin Stainless steel blade with resin handle. Measures 6L. Hand wash. Imported.
This fresh logo update to the classic Nike slide sandal is just what you need. technology injected Phylon midsole and outsole construction synthetic upper rubber sole details seamless construction for comfort
Our Liz Claiborne ankle pants have a modern length and an upgraded look that keep you looking your best. 2 front and 2 back pockets approx. 30 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Our on-trend textured dress features a figure flattering style that is accentuated with alluring off-shoulder cap sleeves. v-neck extended cap sleeves zipper back 40 length from shoulder polyester/spandex polyester lining washable imported
Featuring MotionFlux technology to help with range of motion, DriFlux technology to keep you cool and dry, and SunFlux 50 technology to protect your skin from the sun's harmful rays, our plaid madras shorts are comfortable, versatile and easy to wear. zip fly with button closure flat front mid rise athletic fit 10 inseam polyester washable imported
This attractive wooden enclosure is the purr-fect hideaway for your cat’s litter box.   accommodates any size litter box, including extra-large automatic boxes litter messes are confined inside the box removable partition wall creates a space to store litter, scoop and other supplies entrance door can be placed on either side of the box Wood. Measures 21¼x37½x22½H. Assembly required. Imported. 
Bring holiday cheer to downtime with this Santa-themed union suit, constructed of cozy fleece with a decorative belt to cinch up the look. fleece construction long sleeves zip front decorative belt polyester washable imported
Your little one will love taking any of these colorful items to school for a snack or lunch. They’re both functional and playful.   colorful Hello Kitty-themed designs canteens are easy to grip and feature a non-slip base canteens are reusable and feature straws that flip up to drink totes are lightweight, durable and insulated to keep foods fresh and cool totes made from 40% recycled bottles and fold flat for storage Plastic. Dishwasher safe. Imported. Collection features: 12-oz. canteen 13.5-oz. canteen 15-oz. canteen lunch tote snack bag
Go way beyond the track in this soft and warm full-zip jacket, featuring iconic adidas striping down both sleeves. zip front left chest logo long sleeves handwarmer pockets rib-knit cuffs and hem polyester washable imported
A stock pot is always handy to have, and this six-quart version is just the ticket for creating soups and stews or for boiling pasta. The nonstick ceramic interior requires little to no oil for healthier cooking.   heavy-gauge aluminum provides fast, even heating smooth porcelain enamel exterior is durable and easy to clean cream-colored ceramic interior is PFOA, lead and cadmium free tempered glass lid keeps in moisture and flavor during cooking and lets you monitor your progress with just a glance soft-grip cast stainless steel handles are double riveted for durability oven safe to 350ºF Aluminum with ceramic interior and stainless steel handle. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
A favorite for easy wear, Levi's 527 bootcut jeans are loose for a comfortable fit through the seat and thigh. They sit low on the waist and tilt higher in back.    5-pocket sits below waist leg opening approx. 17 bootcut fit cotton washable imported
Three rows of shining hypoallergenic silver-tone metal with textured detailing create these unique and beautiful hoop earrings.  Metal: Silver-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: .8x1  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Load them on—the more, the merrier. This bangle watch and bracelet set lets you mix and match for a look that reflects your individual style. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.   Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Strap: White metal alloy Movement: Quartz Bracelet Dimensions: 47mm long; 57mm wide Model No.: 61860 Special Features: Includes 3 bangles   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Wide, raw-edge straps top these stylish wedge sandals. The cushioned footbed provides all-day comfort that you'll feel from your first step. technology Cushion Soft technology offers softness you can feel from your first step, long-lasting comfort and fit with minimal cushion compression optimal breathability via open-cell technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed absorbs impact and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction leather upper rubber sole details 2.75 wedge heel slip on open toe
This rectangular watch plays all the right angles with its black dial sporting a textured accent that mimics the shape of the case. Finishing it in style is a multilink burnished stainless steel strap. Brand: Citizen Dial Color: Black Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: Push-button foldover Movement: Quartz Case Width: 26mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7⅞ long; 20mm wide Model No.: BH1671-55E Special Features: Date display Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Adorned with beautiful grapes and earthy hues, this Italian-inspired pitcher is a rustic way to serve your favorite beverages. durable earthenware construction vineyard-themed motif 2¾-quart capacity Earthenware. Measures 8½x6¼x8¼H. Hand wash. Imported.
Add casual comfort into your day with these Skechers® Delphi woven slip-on sneakers. technology memory foam stretch weave construction textile/synthetic upper EVA sole details casual styling
Look the part of the urban fashionista in our skinny jeans that sit below the waist and are fitted through the hip and thigh. 5-pocket styling misses: 31 inseam petite: 29 inseam petite short: 27 inseam long: 33 inseam med. vintage: cotton/spandex overcast wash: cotton/modal/polyester/spandex black: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Alyx belted dress has a reliable skirt with a classic fit that is topped by a fun and frilly flutter sleeve bodice. flutter sleeves belt included approx. 34½ length from waist bodice: polyester skirt: polyester/rayon/spandex lining: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Always have a good hair day by infusing it with nourishing conditioners that give body, movement and lift to your look.   infused with conditioners promotes easy blow-dry and radiant shine 33.8 oz. Imported. How to use: Remove excess water from hair. Glide through hair, concentrating at the ends. Rinse thoroughly. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
This 8mm men’s comfort fit stainless steel wedding band is a look that's as unique as your love. Detailed with a gray carbon fiber inlay.   Metal: Stainless steel Width: 8mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A classic style gets a heavy dose of funky fun with our fringed tank top.   v-neck sleeveless fringe hem approx. 26 length polyester/spandex; polyester fringe hand wash, line dry imported
Keep your feet dry while working hard in cushioned, striped no-show socks. package of 6 sold exclusively at jcpenney polyester/rubber/spandex or polyester/acrylic/rubber/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 5-10  
Add some muscle to footwear with these high-performing crew socks, featuring a bold Superman pattern and innovative technology to keep feet comfortable and dry. package of 2 pairs arch support cushioned sole polyester/spandex washable imported 
Eyelet lace makes this sweet skirt perfect for your little one.   eyelet lace cotton washable imported
This poplin sport shirt offers a versatile look that’s good for work or play. classic fit button-down collar short sleeves 1 chest pocket pink passion, blue solid and ultra marine: cotton/polyester kelly green plaid, sailor blue, kingston blue, white tartan: 100% cotton washable imported
Slip into our embellished flip flops for a fashionable look on a great casual day. technology yoga foam construction synthetic/metal upper synthetic sole details rhinestone triangle strap
Slip into comfort and style with these flexible and lightweight lace-up sneakers, which are specially formulated for traction and durability.●    mesh upper and lining●    1 heel●    TravelTek™ EVA sole  
A great-looking accent piece in its own right, those in the know will especially appreciate this tie bar featuring the Imperial Empire symbol.   slide closure 2 x ⅜ rhodium-plated metal/enamel imported
Our tee features a graphic print of the iconic adidas logo for a cool athletic look.  crewneck short sleeves regular fit polyester/cotton washable imported
Rest easy with these silky-smooth, 300 thread-count Liquid Cotton pilowcases. Engineered with the finest 100% cotton Pima yarns, these sumptous pillowcases have the sheen of silk and are ready to give you your best night's sleep yet.   made with extra-fine yarn for an incredibly smooth feel soft 300 thread-count Pima cotton with the feel and sheen of silk tightly woven fabric washes well and offers lasting performance  great moisture absorbency due to extra-long staple cotton set of 2 Cotton. Washable. Imported. Standard pillowcase: 21x30 King pillowcase: 21x40
Rhinestones and ruffles make this dress so flashy she’ll never want to take it off. sleeveless mesh ruffle on collar & straps Ariel patch with embroidered edges rhinestone details on bodice metallic mesh with ruffles dress: 100% cotton skirt: nylon/metallic polyester lining washable imported
A gift from the heart. Open up and share with mom just what an important role she plays in your life. This sterling silver bracelet features a heart-shaped charm inscribed with I love you to the moon and back.    Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Toggle Length: 7 1/2 chain Dimensions: .66mm wide Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring pinch pleat details, this faux silk valance instantly boosts the sophistication level of your living space.   lined and interlined durable polyester construction available in a variety of inviting colors Polyester. Measures 26x18. Dry clean only. Imported.
Brand: Disney CollectionDial Color: WhiteStrap: White nylonClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 30mCase Width: 38mmCase Thickness: 10.2mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.7 long; 18mm wideModel No.: W002883   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add a touch of chic style to any outfit with these pumps that are perfect with almost any outfit. synthetic upper 3¾ heel fringe accent adjustable ankle strap synthetic sole
Our rooster country fan brings a bit of the barnyard to your home. 2-speed motor 30 watts some assembly required 22x15 high quality cast metal construction always unplug the appliance from the power supply before servicing clean parts with a duster, soft cloth or compressed air canister warning: do not use cleaning solutions or abrasive material as it may damage the finish or components of the fan imported
Our sleeveless stripe dress is sure to hug your curves in all the right places. v-neck sleeveless back zipper 39 length from shoulder polyester lining jacquard knit polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Easy-care Dickies® flannel-lined twill pants stay warm, even when the weather doesn't.   stain-release treatment sits slightly below waist permanent crease plaid flannel lining; plaids may vary 19.5 leg opening (size 34x32) lining: cotton/polyester outer: cotton/polyester washable imported
Approach your workouts with confidence in our super versatile and lightweight 608V4 training shoes from New Balance. technology Abzorb® technology for shock absorption IMEVA midsole for cushioning construction 100% recycled materials non-marking rubber sole details lace up internal shank for support  
Add a glamorous touch to any room in your home with this stylish console table featuring mirrored surfaces and ample storage space.   MDF, rubberwood and glass construction silver-tone finish on wood finger-joint and flush-joint joinery 2 storage drawers Measures 40Wx16Dx30H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Assembly required. Imported.
Ornately detailed with flowers, filigree and marcasite, this ring is carved into a beautiful masterpiece for your hand. Metal: Pure silver-plated metal Stones: Marcasite Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our fit-and-flare dress gives you a fantastic, form-flattering look that sings with floral excitement.   scoopneck sleeveless approx. 35½ length from shoulder polyester/cotton/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Featuring an adjustable waistband and a comfortable relaxed fit, our poplin chino shorts by Arizona offer versatility and style that lasts. relaxed fit flat front zip fly with button closure adjustable waist 2 front pockets and 1 back pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Improve the feel of your home with the incredibly soft microfiber surface of these rugs. Playful geometric designs add color and movement to your home.   power-loomed construction made in Egypt made from highly durable polyester fibers ¼ pile height, ¾ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Jute Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Car Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported
Metal: 14K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round and princess-cut diamonds Color: H-I Clarity: I1-I2 Setting: Prong and bezel Gallery Height: 5mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our short-sleeve French terry knit jacket is the perfect lightweight layer when you need a little something extra. cotton/polyester washable imported
Decorative stitching and a three-button high waist will have you calling all the shots in our cool but classic skinny jeans. 5-pocket styling 31 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
We've got you covered with these Red Kap zip-front cotton coveralls.    8.5 oz. twill sized to be worn over clothes one-piece, topstitched collar concealed heavy-duty brass zipper adjustable snap cuffs on sleeves and take-up snaps on legs 2 angled zipper chest pockets and back left pocket to keep items secure elastic waist inserts for fit and comfort openings for protection 1 rule pocket 2 set-in reinforced front pockets action back for ease of movement side vent openings cotton twill washable imported of domestic goods
For a pulled-together layered look, embrace the vibrant print and burnout details of our layered shirt. 3/4 sleeves shirt collar front button placket detachable necklace approx. 24½ - 27 front length rayon/polyester polyester inner washable imported
Before you roll the dice on another iffy outfit, consider this silk plaid tie from Van Heusen, featuring richly colored tiles that give your look pizzazz.   3¼ wide silk spot clean imported
Designed with a chic chevron print, our long-sleeve sheath dress borrows style elements from decades past to be very present.  v-neck long sleeves 36⅛ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
  wool/viscose/polyester lined dry clean only imported approx. 28 length from shoulder
These cotton khakis more than satisfy the dress code in that just-right original fit you love.   sits below waist straight fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 2 front seam pockets 2 back button-through welt pockets flat front straight leg cotton washable imported
The warm fleece of our Columbia zip-front jacket keeps you cozy and comfortable during all your outdoor adventures. lightweight elastic cuffs 2 zip pockets adjustable drawcord hem 25 length from shoulder MTR filament fleece polyester washable imported
No detail is overlooked with this shimmering bracelet watch. With diamonds on the square bezel and dial, it creates a timeless silhouette that’s enhanced by lustrous mother-of-pearl.   Brand: Croton Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Accents: 142 diamonds on dial and bezel Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: Deployant with push buttons Movement: Swiss quartz Water Resistance: 30m Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 18mm wide Model No.: CN207407SSDI Special Features: Sapphire crystal   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our car wall shelf features five shelves and a mesh back in a fun design to liven up your wall. 5 shelves hanging hardware not included painted metal 36x7.2x21.5H imported
These kids' oxfords with classic Chuck Taylor styling offer durable canvas fashion at a great price! kids unisex for both boys and girls canvas upper bears the original Chuck Taylor patch logo sturdy styling for long-lasting wear padded footbed cushions your little one's feet with every step vulcanized rubber sole and toe cap for durability and superior traction
What it is:A double-ended, complexion-enhancing blending tool. What it does:This multifunctional tool is designed to apply tarte concealers and foundations. It is ideal for masking discoloration and uneven skintone, or correcting pesky imperfections. The ergonomic, removable sponge tip seamlessly applies the right amount of product to skin. The buffing brush smooths and blends into a flawless finish, and the pointed tip precisely applies foundation and concealer formulas to hard-to-reach areas around the nose, mouth, and corners of the eyes. What else you need to know:This brush features sustainably harvested bamboo and is made with synthetic bristles.Suggested Usage:-Remove the sponge from the base.-Pick up a small amount of foundation or concealer with the sponge applicator.-Dab under the eye area, covering blemishes, or any area of the face you wish you cover.-Using the brush side, buff and blend product outward until any brush strokes dissipate. You can also use the brush side to reach targeted areas around the nose, mouth, and corners of the eye.-For fuller coverage, apply product with the brush side of the applicator and blend outward in small strokes.
Luxuriously soft jersey knit pajama pants take sleep time comfort to a new level of dreamy. elastic waistband 30 inseam cotton/Modal®/spandex washable imported 
This is a great everyday bath towel set in a traditional size and weight for those who don't like heavy, oversized towels. Each piece features a decorative honeycomb border. soft and absorbent cotton washable imported 24-pc. set includes: eight bath towels measuring 24x50 eight hand towels measuring 16x27 eight wash towels measuring 12x12
Designed to provide full coverage and support with back-smoothing technology, our contour bra from Vanity Fair is a must-have for everyday wear.   lightly lined stretch pads double-knit fabrication in wings soft microfiber built-up leotard back with three hooks elegant appliqué detail at front adjustable straps seamless; tagless underwire back: polyester/spandex cups: nylon/spandex exclusive of decoration hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #76380
Our tank top features breathable fabric and a light, stylish design that pairs perfectly with jeans for a relaxed look. roundneck with slit polyester or cotton washable imported
Gucci revisits one of its most recognizable icons: the Bambooreinterpreted in a modern way. Taking inspiration from the symbolism of strength and elegance, this alluring fragrance translates the essence of today’s multifaceted woman. The modern Gucci woman shares Bamboo’s characteristics of confidence and poise. The fragrance is soft and intense at once to exude power and femininity. The Gucci Bamboo purse spray is an essential beauty accessory featuring the graceful shape of bamboo, one of the House’s most recognizable designs. It is designed for women on the move. Notes: Italian Bergamot, Casablanca Lily, Ylang Ylang, Comoros Sandalwood. Style: Stong. Elegant. Feminine. Size:0.5 oz
This Sofia the First pencil box comes equipped with a variety of art supplies to give growing artists a head start. includes: case 12 color pencils 16 crayons 10 markers 2 pencils sharpener eraser 6x2610¼H for ages 3+ plastic/wood/paper wipe clean imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
Update your style with our feminine Stylus shell. scoopneck cami recommended short sleeves approx. 27¾ length orange zing floral: rayon machine wash, line dry imported  
One touch, and the unique push-button pop mechanism on this 5-quart clear pastic container provides an airtight seal.   5-qt. (20-cup) capacity large, circular opening for easy access pop-up button on lid doubles as a handle back sits flush for maximum storage capacity keeps cookies, pretzels, chips and other dry foods fresh also great for garage, sewing room or play room storage BPA-free Plastic/silicone. Measures 8½x6x9H. Hand wash. Imported.
Your promise of love and commitment becomes real with this ring. In a simple halo style with accent diamonds on the shanks, it has a strong sparkling impact when viewed on her finger from any angle. Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold Stones: 1¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a ⅞ ct. center stone Color: H-I Clarity: I1 Setting: Prong and pavé Gallery Height: 7.05mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Alternating textured panels on this decorative pillow give a unique look to your space. pleating and textured panels measures 16x16 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. 
Our Black Label by Evan-Picone fit-and-flare dress is a floral burst of sunshiny excitement to brighten your day.       v-neck sleeveless 39½ length from shoulder polyester dry clean only imported
The classic design of this rhodium-plated sterling silver band has sophisticated diamonds that make it a piece that can last a lifetime.   Metal: Rhodium-plated white sterling silver Stones: 1/5 ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-JClarity: I2-I3 Setting: Pavé Gallery Height: 3mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carats. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You'll be ready to work out or relax in our weekend-friendly v-neck mesh tee. polyester washable imported
A sharp suit needs classic men’s dress shoes to complete the outfit. A thick textile lining keeps you comfortable on your feet all day.   sock leather  textile lining lace-up rubber sole
A Spoonula is 50% spoon and 50% spatula, but it's 100% useful around your kitchen for mixing, folding, serving and scraping.   includes 9½, 10, and 12½ Spoonulas flexible for scraping and serving curved for mixing and folding silicone heads are heat-safe up to 500°F durable, lightweight handles are heat-safe up to 350°F Nylon. Caution: Handles may melt if rested on the side of a hot pan. Dishwasher safe. Imported.    
Featuring a beautiful linen look and an easy-to-use cordless design, this shade is a simple, beautiful way to add soft, filtered light and privacy to your windows.   cordless product safe for homes with young children and pets single layer of fabric pleated to filter incoming light  sturdy PVC headrail and bottomrail hardware and instructions included household tools required for installation Polyester/rayon/PVC. Window must be at least 1¾ deep for flush inside mount. Vacuum or brush to remove dust. Imported. FREE SWATCH: If you would like to receive a swatch of the fabric prior to ordering the item, please e-mail customerservice@phaseii.com to receive a sample swatch of fabric. Please include your name, address, item description and color that corresponds with your selection. Allow 5 days to receive the swatch.  
Protect your little princess from the cold by bundling her up in this glittery, embroidered fleece jacket.   Disney Collection only at JCPenney faux fur-lined hood puff sleeves rib-knit cuffs and hem no pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Flip the curtain so the ruffle is on either top or bottom. Either way, it'll dress up any room. 50x84 1½ rod pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Forming a sturdy barrier between you and the elements, these tactical boots feature the sleek look of polished leather and an array of safety-minded features. technology Cambrella® moisture-wicking lining keeps feet dry and comfortable Agion™ anti-microbial treatment helps protect against bacteria i-shield technology repels water and dirt M-P.A.C.T. contoured sock liner features three densities of memory foam Vibram® rubber mid-weight combat outsole provides elite traction construction leather/mesh/nylon upper rubber sole details lace-up closure with anti-fraying stitching that extends the life of laces ballistic nylon ankle-impact protection pad composite shank offers light underfoot support sturdy composite toe rated ASTM F2413-11 EH
With one convenient lid that fits two sturdy stoneware casserole dishes, this baker set is ideal for heating scrumptious entrees and side dishes at the same time.   durable stoneware construction subtle, handcrafted texture with an earthy glaze comfortable freeform handles on each side oven safe to 500°F 3-piece set includes: ½-quart baker 2-quart baker lid Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Get long-lasting comfort in all conditions with our Nike Tiempo Rio 2 soccer cleats.   construction lightweight synthetic upper TPU sole details lace up comfortable die-cut EVA sockliner for lightweight cushioning conical and oblong outsole studs for traction and stability  
This pendant necklace shows love in motion with the central diamond surrounded by a ring and encased in not one but two spinning hearts with additional diamond accents.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 1/10 CT. T.W. round diamonds Setting: Invisible and pavé Closure: Spring ring Dimensions: 18 rope chain Pedant Size: 19x21.8mm long   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add a pop of prep to any outfit with this short-sleeve woven shirt from U.S. Polo Assn., featuring a bold plaid print on durable, all-cotton construction. spread collar button front embroidered logo on left chest 100% cotton washable imported
English brass buckle and ornament finish. 1½ʺ wide leather wipe clean imported
Our fun swim trunks are an easy hit in the water and out with convenient pocket security and a fit and feel you can spend the whole day wearing.   waistband with laced front closure side mesh pocket and bungee key cord 11½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Cool comfort is the name of the game with our Nike racerback tank top. scoopneck racerback approx. 31½ length Dri-FIT 100% cotton washable imported
Our lovely sleeveless lace surplice dress is the definition of sophistication and will properly prepare you for an elegant evening or special event. v-neck sleeveless zipper in back 41 length from shoulder nylon/metallic/spandex polyester lining hand wash, dry flat imported
Own the night in these high heel slingback sandals featuring a cutout design and stud detailing that will you get noticed. synthetic upper 4 heel stud details peep toe synthetic sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
An allover print adds a pop of personality to performance-ready workout capris. tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin credit card pocket at waistband 21 inseam jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported
Thick yet subtle stripes on this roman shade create a unique style that accents your room. lined for an enhanced weight and feel lift cord cord wrap safety solution 6 fabric valance Sold individually. Polyester. Window must be 1¼ deep for inside mount; 1⅝ deep for flush inside mount. Mounting hardware included. Clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
The Clean and Fresh waterproof mattress pad does more than simply resist and repel spills and stains—it actually eliminates odors from the room.   Clean and Fresh technology provides odor reduction, stain repel and release Ultradry® waterproof barrier backing 250 thread-count cotton sateen cover 8 ounces of soft, hypoallergenic polyester fiber fill 16 skirt fits mattresses up to 18 deep Cotton with non-woven polypropylene backing and polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: 39x75 Full: 54x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 78x80 Cal. King: 72x84
Printed on 200 thread-count cotton, this shower curtain mixes a soft color palette with a geometric triangle design for an eye-catching component to your bathroom. shower curtain liner is recommended 72x72H 100% cotton washable imported
Perfect for the restaurant and service industy, our Avia slip-resistant shoes offer superior durability and lasting comfort for those long shifts. technology Scotch Guard Defender protection for easy wipe-off removable molded EVA sockliner for all-day comfort construction synthetic upper oil and slip-resistant rubber sole details lace up  
A great fit for that sunny day, these comfortable shorts are made from breathable cotton and feature side pockets for convenience.   elastic waist with drawstring 2 pockets 100% cotton washable imported
A splash of graphic excitement takes our Xersion™ leggings to the next level of fun.   infinity cord and elastic waistband with key pocket quick dri no chafe seams UV protection 32½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
She will be cozy and comfortable in our 2-piece short-sleeve sleep top and long pants. includes top and pants top: short sleeves pants: elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements
Luke, I made you waffles. Whip up enough breakfast for a whole squad of stormtroopers with our easy-use waffle maker. regulating thermostat and weighted lid ensure even browning 5 temperature settings dual indicator lights let you know when it's time to pour batter and when waffles are ready stands upright for easy storage. AC current metal/plastic 9.69x7.88x3.31H wipe clean imported
Whether you're hiking hill, walking the neighborhood or working the backyard, our slip-on shoes will feel great and keep your feet in good shape. technology memory foam footbed All-Terra outsoles for grip construction Bbreathable mesh rubber sole details adjustable toggle for fit t-strap closed toe slip on
Our Liz Claiborne striped tunic gives you that comfortable fit with a modern flare hem with just the right amount of movement. v-neck long sleeves rayon/spandex washable imported
Be as active as you want to be in these cool, cotton twill jogger pants from akademiks.   slim fit sits just below waist elastic waist with drawstring cotton washable imported  
Ultra-cool and comfortable chino jogger pants from Levi’s show what’s possible when casual wear and athletic wear stylishly come together. sits below waist regular fit through seat and thigh slant front pockets inside pocket divider back button-through welt pockets tapered leg; 11 leg opening cuffed elastic bottom 99% cotton/1% elastane washable imported
Our pleated pants feature a classic fit and a hidden hook-and-bar closure for a sharp office look.  inside hook-and-bar closures 2 front pockets 40-42 inseam wool/polyester washable imported
Our fun Star Wars™ shoes feature a plush Master Yoda™ head front and center. Sure to love them, he is. construction leather/synthetic/textile upper rubber sole details 2 self-adhesive straps
With its beach-inspired embroidery and sweet seafoam blue details, this duvet cover set will put you in a relaxed state of mind. seashell and sand dollar embroidery in soft seafoam blue on white background soft blue inner border 200-thread-count cotton 3-piece sets include: duvet cover 2 shams Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full/Queen sets include standard shams. King sets include king shams. Cotton duvet cover and shams. Dry clean. Imported. Full/Queen: duvet cover is 90x90; shams are 26x20 King: duvet cover is 106x90; shams are 36x20
Our flowing top plays up its feminine side with lace trim on the neck and sleeves. squareneck short sleeves shirring detail approx. 22¾  - 24¾ length rayon machine wash, line dry imported
A great addition to a workbench, this parts storage rack lets you get organized while maintaining easy access to your selection of parts.   black powder-coated steel rack 24 plastic yellow bins on 3 shelves Steel rack with plastic bins. Imported.
These boots feature a trendy cutout design and adjustable top straps for a flirty look. synthetic upper 4¾ shaft height 8½ shaft circumference rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
This curtain panel has a basketweave fabric with a subtle design to create a classic look that enhances your decor. buckram in header adds crispness and support to the fabric lined for an enhanced weight and feel 2½ grommet opening Sold individually. Polyester/rayon with polyester lining. Washable. Imported.
Leather bridle belt freshens up your wardrobe with just the right amount of detail.  embossed detailing 38mm wide leather imported regular waists: 32-44 even For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Combining modern style and maximized comfort, the Kennard reclining sofa from Signature Design by Ashley is the perfect addition to your space. hardwoods/engineered wood/metal frame glued, corner-blocked and stapled joinery reinforced metal seats and footrests high-resiliency foam cushion wrapped in thick polyester fiber padded arms provide extra comfort easy pull-tab dual-sided reclining motion leather/PVC/polyester; polyester foam fill power reclining sofa includes: one-touch power control with adjustable positions; power cord overall: 87x41x41H; seat measures 21x22D with 24 height spot clean with damp cloth assembled in the USA with imported components   Signature Design by Ashley® is a registered trademark of Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.
An attached bib gives this classic topper coat a modern vibe, making it a stylish option for both work and weekend. warm and durable melton wool blend notch lapel attached standup bib collar button front 2 lower front button pockets 35¾ sleeve length shell: wool/polyester/acrylic/nylon/viscose lining: polyester dry clean imported
Our pencil skirt gets its modern flare from an m-shaped front waistband that hugs your curves. back zip and vent misses: 26 length petites: 24 length polyester/rayon/spandex polyester lining washable imported
Beloved for their comfortable style, Levi's 505 jeans feature a modern straight fit and is roomy in the leg.   5-pocket styling straight through seat, thigh and leg zip fly and button closure  cotton washable imported
true GE®'s free-standing range with double ovens offers the best in contemporary design matched with the latest in technology to fit all of your family's needs and the edge-to edge cooktop and dual purpose center burner mean even your biggest dishes are no match for this oven. double oven 6.8 cu. ft. total capacity 5 burner gas range includes 18,000 BTU Power Boil burner center oval burner is ideal for griddle or odd-size cookware extra-large, integrated reversible cast iron grill/griddle precise simmer burner provides low, even heat distribution for delicate foods and sauces edge-to-edge cooktop gives extra room for pots and pans of all sizes gas convection oven circulates heat for high-quality results self-clean with Steam Clean option 3 oven racks can be configured in 7 different positions heavy duty, dishwasher safe grates in oven during self-clean cycle
Get the perfect combination of speed and cushioning with our minimal FS Lite running shoes. technology breathe tech midfoot panel offers lockdown in a breathable package construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up no-sew overlays offer support co-molded midsole offers soft cushioning anatomically placed rubber pods provide durability and responsiveness hexagonal waffle configuration enhances traction at high speeds
Whether you’re office-bound or on the go, refresh your cool-weather closet with our solid elastic-back pull-on pants. 2 front slash pockets cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 30½ inseam misses short: 28 inseam petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam
Round out your jewelry collection with this decadent diamond pendant necklace. The 10K rose gold setting showcases a center diamond that moves when you move, along with stationary diamonds, for ¼ ct. t.w. of spectacular sparkle. Unique hinged setting allows the center stone to pivot within its frame, creating the effect of dancing light. The slightest movement brings these vibrant diamonds to life. Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K rose gold Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong and pavé Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 rope chain Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add a slimming fit to your denim collection with our high-waist skinny jeans, with stretch to move with you. skinny fit zip-and-button closure 5-pocket styling straight leg cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Whether hanging out with friends or getting ready for class, this knit top is the perfect choice for any casual occasion. graphic tee short sleeves rayon/polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
true With over 5.0 cu. ft. capacity to fit all of your dishes and coil heating elements for even heat and easy cleanup, this fee-standing range from GE® is sure to be your kitchen MVP with its timeless design and modern appeal giving you more time to enjoy company and spend less time cooking. 5.0 cu. ft. oven capacity 4 burner electric range includes a 2,600 watt burner for faster boiling of water Dual-Element Bake produces even heat by alternating the upper and lower elements manual controls with twist dials self-clean oven cleans the oven cavity without the need for scrubbing removable full-width drawer to cookware and accessories 2 oven racks can be configured in 6 different positions
This eye-catching ring has a brilliant cluster of diamonds in a 10K yellow gold setting. A distinctive band adds to the elegance, making this piece a go-to accessory.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K yellow gold Stone: 3/8 ct. t.w. diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I3 Setting: Prong   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Clean, sleek and anything but basic, remade in an ultra-comfortable stretch fabric, and reformatted in a slim, modern cut.   flat front french fly front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets slim, straight legs poly/viscose/spandex dry clean imported
Carry all your gear in comfort with our GX-400 backpack, with ergonomic straps and a padded back built for support.  contoured, adjustable shoulder straps dual main compartments 2 accessory compartments padded back with ventilation front and side 1 MOLLE attachment system to add additional units and pouches side compression straps padded laptop sleeve durable nylon 12.1x9.9x16H spot clean imported
Featuring a retro tie-dyed print and a darling lace hem, our soft shorty shorts will complement her style to a tee. rayon washable imported
Our pretty print dress features a pleated skirt and skinny belt in a fit-and-flare flattering style. scoopneck cap sleeves belted 40¾ length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Treat yourself to this handsome watch featuring diamonds on the dial and comfortable silver-tone links.   Brand: Bulova Dial Color: Gray Accents: 10 diamonds on dial Strap: Stainless steel  Clasp: Foldover with safety pushers Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 45.5mm Case Thickness: 12.85mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 24mm wide Model No.: 98D128 Special Features: Date display; flat mineral glass   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This Hoover® vacuum features dual-stage cyclonic dirt separation technology, which separates clean air from dirt particles. There’s no loss of suction and you’ll get both cleaner carpets and air.   exclusive WindTunnel 2 technology includes crevice tool and dusting brush also includes HEPA media filter and reusable easy-rinse filter turbo tool cleans furniture and stairs 8' hose and 25' cord stretch hose for extended cleaning reach powerful, durable 12-amp motor Heavy-duty ABS plastic/rubber/metal. Backed by a 2-year manufacturer’s warranty. Imported.
The soft velour on this Lady and the Tramp blanket makes it the perfect cuddle companion for your little one. embroidered detailing polyester hand wash imported  
The Nesco 18-quart roaster oven is your portable, go anywhere second oven—capable of doing everything a traditional oven does, except broil. can accommodate up to a 22-pound turkey and is also handy for other large meals, like lasagna exclusive Circle of Heat heating element cooks from the sides for moist, even cooking removable cookwell makes cleanup a snap 1425 watts of power to do everything your oven does except broil adjustable full-range temperature control up to 450°F porcelain-coated surface resists scratches, corrosion, stains and chips chrome-plated cooking/baking rack 18-quart capacity 16½x24¼x8H metal parts are dishwasher safe imported
A bodycon fit coupled with contemporary asymmetrical styling will have you feeling fierce in our crewneck dress. 36¼ length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Sugar and spice and all things nice, your little girl will look adorable in our sleeveless top and plaid shorts. includes sleeveless top and shorts back-button placket bow accent no-pinch elastic waistband top: lawn fabric shorts: chambray fabric 100% cotton washable imported
The distinctive detail of these vibrant hand-carved wool rugs with a latex/cotton backing add sophisticated style to a family room, dining room or home office.   updated aubusson look with a blend of 21 different color shadings exceptionally warm and resilient feeling under foot hand-tufted construction highly durable wool ⅜ pile height; ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Latex/cotton Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve skid resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported It's perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep it under control until the rug has been seasoned and no longer sheds.  
Featuring a comfortable wirefree design, our unique bra works all day to offer the ultimate lift and support for a great natural shape.   full coverage lift panels provide beautiful shaping and support for a natural look comfort cushion straps relieve shoulder pressure and help prevent dig in floral jacquard with lace trim for a beautiful look nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #4745B  
You'll be ready for watching or playing football in our long-sleeve Champion football jersey. crewneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
true Here’s a dishwasher that loves company... lots of it. The spacious stainless steel interior featuring the ingenious EasyRack™ adjustable system welcomes up to 14 place-settings of dishes and stemware. Loading everything couldn’t be easier. And LG’s commitment to great innovation means there’s no need to wash delicate items separately. That’s big time dependability... for years of memorable gatherings. ENERGY STAR® qualified semi-integrated controls with LED display EasyRack™ system with color-coded tines allows you to adjust racks to fit dishes of different shapes and sizes height adjustable upper rack creates a safe place for your fragile dishes and oversize utensils LoDecibel™ Quiet Operation delivers barely-there sound at 50 dB SenseClean™ automatically adjusts water and cycle length for improved cleaning and energy efficiency SmartDiagnosis™ uses your smart phone to help troubleshoot and solve most problems without a service call safety water overflow detector helps protect your home from water damage 19-Hour delay start enables you to run your dishwasher at your convenience upper only wash mode  means you save time and money with shorter cycles that use less water NSF-Certified Sanitary Rinse  super-heats the final rinse water to kill germs and reduce bacteria by 99.9% Hybrid Condensing drying system uses less energy by combining two technologies to quickly dry dishes NeveRust™ stainless steel tub delivers extra durability so your dishwasher will last for years self-cleaning filtration system means you don’t need to scrape anymore as dishes go straight from the table to the dishwasher 14 place setting capacity easily accommodates large loads 5 wash cycles enables you to find the most appropriate cycle for each load 23 3/4 x 33 1/2 x 24 5/8”
This stylish ivy cap from Haggar features durable twill construction with colorblocking for truly distinguished style. twill fabric 100% cotton spot clean imported
Featuring carry-and-go convenience, this faux leather jewelry box makes it easy to keep your favorite jewelry accessible both at home and on the road.   1 side has 8 necklace snaps with shirred catch pocket large ring roll section 1 covered compartment 3 removable drawstring pouches bronze-tone textured faux leather with contoured sides ivory sueded fabric lining faux leather tabbed closure with silver-tone hardware 11¾x7x2¼ jewelry not included  
Beauty, happiness and style are never in short supply with this fun lace-back graphic tee from Knit Works. scoopneck 3/4 sleeves glitter detail lace detail at sleeves lace back body: polyester/rayon sleeves: polyester/cotton/rayon washable imported
Our tank top features a racerback style with plenty of bright colors and prints to choose from. scoopneck racerback polyester washable imported
Durable and portable, this symphony music stand will stand up to years of rehearsal time and performances. Lightweight with a heavy-duty base, it's perfect for individual performers.   lightweight no-knob friction-tilt neck brass bearings ribbed design for extra strength Magic Finger Clutch provides one-hand friction grip heavy-duty base metal alloy 41–60x19x20 made in America
Layer up an ethereal look with the cinched waist silhouette of our button-down blouse. long sleeves shirt collar full button placket approx. 32⅛ - 33⅝ front length 100% cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Create a comfortable surrounding in your bedroom with this bed and nightstand featuring a rustic, inviting design. mahogany and engineered wood construction butt-joint joinery nightstand has 1 drawer and 1 shelf queen bed: 66Wx92Dx56H king bed: 82Wx92Dx56H nightstand: 24Wx21Dx28H assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed imported
This cloth cover is custom made to fit KitchenAid mixers, make it a great addition to any kitchen.   durable cloth fabric helps mixer avoid dust and grime Cloth. Imported.
Metal: 10K white goldStones: 1/7 ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: I-JClarity: I2-I3Setting: ProngClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long box chain   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Tackle your workday with the steady footing and protection of a steel toe of our resilient Wolverine Slip-Resistant work boots.    technology Strobel construction for comfort and durability construction leather upper rubber sole details 6 shaft lace up removeable cushioned footbed mesh lining slip-resistant nylon shank  
Designed with moisture-wicking fabric, this short-sleeve Nike tee will help him stay cool and dry during even high-intensity workouts. Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
A criss-cross ruched bodice creates a flattering fit on our sleeveless gown. back zip v-neck 60 length from shoulder polyester/spandex polyester lining washable imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Featuring a reinforced moisture-wicking gusset, a hidden waistband key pocket and a shape and style you're sure to love, our capri leggings by Jockey belong in your wardrobe. reflective logo mid-rise slim fit 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Keep casual days carefree and comfortable with these easy-match shortie shorts from Arizona. elastic waist poplin fabric 100% cotton washable imported 
Gorgeous lace and a full-coverage silhouette make our wireless bra from Ambrielle an easy choice, any day. full coverage wireless nylon/spandex washable imported
Our pants feature a double waistband with trouser hooks and a straight leg for a comfortable, professional look. ●    double waistband with trouser hooks●    straight leg●    mid rise●    33 inseam●    rayon/nylon/spandex●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
Our swing tee features a drapey style and comes in a variety of colors to choose from. v-neck short sleeves jersey rayon/polyester washable imported
Travel-friendly whether by plane, train or car, this wrinkle resilient, well-tailored jacket makes sure you look as fresh at the end of your trip as when you started.    wrinkle resilient notch collar 2-button front front flap pockets interior pockets fully lined with polyester lining polyester lining to the knees side vents portly fit wool polyester blend machine washable pants imported
This portable induction cooktop can be used wherever an outlet is available. Perfect for tabletop cooking, use as an extra cooking zone in the kitchen or for long excursions.   lightweight construction portable size well-suited for college dorm, boat or recreational vehicle cooking 8 power levels quick temperature/power level check programmable timer from 0-180 minutes 1300 watts. Black crystal glass/plastic. Measures 9.84x12.99x2.36H. Wipe clean. Imported.      
An energetic chevron print jacket complements the understated styling of our ruched-waist knit dress. 41 length from shoulder knit polyester/spandex lined machine wash, line dry imported
true Touch controls and a scrolling electronic display, with clock, provide ease of operation on this over-the-range microwave. 1.7 cu. ft. capacity 1000 Watts 2-speed, 300 CFM venting system removes smoke, steam and odors from your cooktop defrosting times and power levels are programmed automatically or manually for optimal results recessed turntable with on/off
Featuring silver mosaic glass accented with a gridwork design and beveled molding, this wall cabinet is generous when it comes to stylish storage. MDF and glass construction wood dowel, camlock and screw joinery 1 fixed open shelf cabinet doors open to 1 adjustable shelf chrome-finished hardware Measures 27Wx12Dx34H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; screwdriver needed. Imported.
Highlight your curves in our stretch-knit athletic capris, featuring a low-profile elastic waistband for a flattering fit. straight leg slim fit elastic waistband 19 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Polish off your sharpest looks with our suave satin bow tie by Stafford. pre-tied bow tie polyester dry clean only imported  
Ready, set, go geo in our beautifully bold bandeaukini swim top, featuring a vibrant print and modern silhouette, fully lined soft cups tricot knit nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
  A must-have for every traveling man, Dopp toiletry kits boast a legendary heritage. This lightweight toiletry kit features water-resistant materials and sturdy zipper closures.   nylon exterior polyester lining TSA-approved lock 2 interior compartments measures 10x6x5”
Shining sterling silver hoop earrings add a stunning accent to any look.  Metal: Sterling silverDimensions: 37x37mm  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
  Classic loafer style dresses up casual outfits, perfect for business casual offices. Men's loafers feature a leather-blend upper with fringe and tassel decoration.   leather/synthetic upper SUPRO comfort built-in orthotic slip-on durable rubber sole
Take your workout to the next level in our cami sports bra from Glamorise, featuring wireless cups for exceptional support and moisture-wicking fabric to keep you cool and dry. medium support for low impact activities full coverage mesh cami design offers breathable coverage moisture-wicking fabric comfort straps unlined cups wireless nylon/polyester/elastane machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #1826
Your unique style shines bright with our colorful and comfortable clogs by St. John’s Bay. elastic upper with webbing 2½ heel slip-on entry flocked rubber sole  
Get motivated to work those muscles with our chin up tank top, designed in a fun racerback style. scoopneck sleeveless 27 length polyester/rayon washable imported
Bold and chic, this shirred one-piece swimsuit will complement your curves and have you beach-ready in no time. tank straps built-in soft cups tummy control partially lined nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported
This cotton-rich Nike logo hoodie offers a brighter way to stay warm with features such as colorblock sides and a blur-print hood and chest. lined hood with drawstring center chest logo print long sleeves kangaroo pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Our sweater dress makes for the perfect layer day or night with its belted drawstring waistline and retro-inspired print. scoopneck drawstring belt 35¾ length from shoulder novelty knit polyester lined hand wash, dry flat imported
Western wear with a rocker twist, these tough Dingo leather boots look great with jeans or with a feminine skirt for a softened look.   leather upper 1½ heel height (may vary depending on size) 10 shaft height snoot toe ankle harness design cushioned insole cushioned heel pad rubber sole
For a cheeky option that's never short on comfort or style, our hipster swim bottoms pair with your favorite tops for a sassy beach look. fully lined nylon/spandex washable imported
Your take-notice style will be in full swing with our flowy print soft shorts. ties at waistline 2 front pockets 3 inseam rayon hand wash, dry flat imported
Featuring a 2-pattern design, this reversible bow tie from Stafford offers versatility for the style-conscious man. pre-tied bow tie polyester spot clean imported
Dressed up or down, these comfortable knit pants from Levi’s offer an effortless style. flat front 5-pocket styling adjustable waist zip fly with button closure cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported 
Eliminate hot and cold spots while enjoying comfortable, even temperature during every season with this compact air circulator and its efficient, aerodynamic design. signature vortex air circulation technology powerful motor moves air up to 65' 3-speed control allows for any circulation need saves energy year-round by working with heating and cooling systems multi-directional airflow provides movement of air at any angle base engineered for extra stability when operating from the floor or desktop whisper-quiet operation removable grill makes cleaning easy and convenient Plastic. Measures 8.1x9.8x10.8H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Our pretty St. John's Bay blouse has just the right amount of feminine softness. v-neck 3/4 sleeves    approx. 30¼ length cape coral and white: rayon American navy and marina azure: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Delightful upholstered sofa features all the girly colors and images to be just right décor for her bow-tique. Pretty perk: the seat cushion removes to store all her valuable merchandise.   sturdy hardwood frame polyester fabric; polyurethane foam filling 33x17.1x18.3 for children 18 months to 3 years and up to 80 lbs. fully assembled meets all JPMA safety standards wood/MDF/fire-resistant foam/spandex/plastic spot clean with mild soap and water imported
With the fabulous slimming effects of our flattering tapered jeans, you won't want to keep this look a secret for long. 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported petite: 26 inseam petite short: 25 inseam
Yogurt Maker creates your favorite flavor fresh at home with little fuss and preparation.    entire process takes between 6 to 10 hours prepares all-natural, rich and creamy yogurt you control the sweetness, ingredients, fat content and thickness of yogurt make up to 42-ounces of yogurt includes seven 6-ounce glass jars with lids so you can make a different flavor in each timer on the side marks time when yogurt will be finished cooking clear lid for easy viewing on/off switch and indicator light Plastic. Measures 9½x9½x6H. Dishwasher-safe jars. Imported.
These D1 slim-fit pants from Dockers strike a modern profile, in a blended fabric that’s soft and easy to manage.   sits slightly below the waist slim fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 2 front seam pockets 2 back button-through welt pockets logo embroidery flat front straight leg cotton/polyester washable imported
true This counter depth French-door refrigerator from Samsung blends in with your cabinetry, adding function and style to your kitchen. Ultra-wide, you’ll have plenty of storage space and flexibility. Featuring Twin Cooling Plus® to maintain separate temperatures and humidity levels in the fridge and freezer, your food will stay fresher longer. ENERGY STAR® qualified external water and ice dispenser Ice Master ice maker in refrigerator saves room and makes up to 5.2 lbs. of ice per day and stores nearly 2.7 lbs. water filter: HAF-CIN/EXP control panel features digital display and temperature control Twin Cooling Plus™ cools refrigerator and freezer compartments independently to help produce stay fresher, longer and reduce the chances of freezer burn 5 tempered glass spill-proof shelves 1 full-width CoolSelect Pantry™ with separate temperature control 2 humidity-controlled crispers 6 three-gallon door bins 6.8 cu. ft. freezer capacity EZ-Open™ handle allows for easy opening and closing of a fully loaded freezer 22 cu. ft. capacity counter depth design allows for more workable space in the kitchen high-efficiency LED lighting delivers brighter, cooler and more energy-efficient lighting alarm alerts you when any refrigerator door is open more than 3 minutes available in black, white or stainless steel 3-door French door counter depth refrigerator with 2 fresh food doors, one freezer door and external ice and water dispenser
Represent your favorite brand in true streetwear style with our tonal logo tee from Zoo York. v-neck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Comfort or style? With this Heavenly rug, you don't have to choose. It's the perfect pairing of a dramatic contemporary design and an extremely soft fabrication.   woven construction highly durable polyester 4/10 pile height; 1/2 overall thickness measures 4' in diameter Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported
Levi’s 529™ curvy bootcut jeans are flattering and perfect for any time—day or night.   sits below the waist slim fit through hip and thigh bootcut leg with 18¼ opening smooth bottom 8½ front rise; 15½ back rise cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported misses average: 32 inseam  
She'll be a dazzling example of classic beauty in this cascading black and white dress. roundneck sleeveless rosette bodice back zip closure bow at waist corkscrew skirt polyester machine wash, hang dry imported
With exceptional support and outstanding comfort, women come back to this lace-accented Playtex 18 Hour bra again and again.   padded cushion straps relieve shoulder pressure and help  prevent strap “dig-in” lace accents and a pretty floral pattern add a feminine touch  exclusive Spanette fabric provides all-day support and stretches to comfortably support your every move polyester machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #4693
These sandals get some added style thanks to a braided t-strap, gold-tone studs and a faux-cork wedge heel.   synthetic upper 3½″ molded wedge heel braided t-strap gold-tone studs buckle closure molded rubber sole  
The ribbed detailing on the back of our sleeveless tank top makes it the perfect choice to wear alone or as an undershirt.   scoopneck cotton/spandex nylon/spandex trim washable imported
Create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement with this loveseat sectional featuring track arms and luxurious fabric upholstery.   sturdy oak and plywood frame glued and stapled joinery sinuous spring system reversible cushions filled with upholstery foam removable feet includes 2 coordinating accent pillows Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester linen blend; 92% polyester, 8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top Hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Made in America. Measures 118Wx118Dx36H overall with a 20 seat height, 24 seat depth and 22 seat back height and includes: Right-arm loveseat: 68Wx39Dx36H Wedge: 50Wx50Dx36H Left-arm loveseat: 68Wx39Dx36H
Abundant fringe and double rows of studs bring dramatic flair to our crossbody bag. shoulder strap, 24 drop magnetic flap closure synthetic gold-tone metal hardware exterior stud detail interior zipper pocket 8.26(H) x 8.66(W) x 2.75(D) imported CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
It's hard not to notice the gorgeous cutout dial against mother-of-pearl, but this bracelet watch is also solar powered so it never needs winding—just set the time and go.   Brand: Seiko Dial Color: Silver-tone mother-of-pearl Strap: Rose-tone stainless steel Clasp: Push-button release Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 38.5mm Case Thickness: 10.2mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long, 20mm wide Model No.: SNE882 Special Features: Powered by light (natural and artificial) for a free and limitless power supply; date display; 10-month power reserve; Hardlex crystal Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Put your side dishes in the spotlight when you serve them from this classic serving bowl featuring a timeless porcelain design.   goes great with other JCPenney Home Whiteware pieces matches any decor perfect for everyday use or special occasions oven, microwave and freezer safe 91-ounce capacity Porcelain. Measures 11⅜in diameter and 2½”H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Be ready for the sunshine in our denim shorts, with rolled cuffs for a relaxed look. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 4½–5½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Liven up any kitchen with our cheerful trio of dishtowels, featuring three different prints. ●    absorbent, easy-care cotton fabric●    coordinating placemats sold separately●    set of 3●    100% cotton●    each dish towel measures 28x18●    washable●    imported  
Levi's 505 regular-fit jeans are made for the guy who wants comfort with great style.     matching big & tall web id: 5834009 sits at waist regular, comfortable fit through seat and thigh straight legs, 16½  opening skunk train and Big root colors: 98% cotton/2% elastane cash: 99.13% cotton/.87% elastane all other colors: 100% cotton green leaf: cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported more sizes: regular, extra tall, big
Cut your ironing time in half! The Stick-N-Fit, IronSlide 2000 Ironing Board Cover is made from a fabric that reflects the heat of your iron back to the garment, effectively ironing both sides at once.  fits any size board  includes foam pad reflects 300% more heat than a regular cotton cover stays in place resists burning and scorching  19½x59 fits boards up to 17 wide made in America
Lighten up your everyday ensemble with the delicately delightful details of our layered print top. 3/4 sleeves crewneck detachable necklace approx. 23- 26½ front length polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Clean, graphic and modern, with the bonus of being just the right length you need.   3.25 wide silk dry clean imported    
Our Swami sport GPS delivers fast, accurate performance in a compact design. Its slim profile fits easily in your pocket or on your golf bag. pre-loaded with 30,000+ worldwide courses no computer downloads or annual subscription required displays distances, hole number, par and time large, vibrant 1.8 easy to read display rechargeable lithium-ion battery lasts up to two rounds durable and water resistant includes carabineer and USB charging cable plastic 8.4x6x1.1H wipe clean imported
A timepiece you can enjoy every day of the week, this sports car-inspired chronograph watch packs plenty of information into an easy-to-read dial.   Brand: Invicta Dial Color: Black Strap: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 48mm Case Thickness: 13.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 210mm long; 22mm wide Model No.: 16012 Special Features: Stopwatch; 3 multifunction sub dials   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This classic, brown leather belt with double stitching makes a rugged choice for everyday wear.   1½ wide leather spot clean imported
When you've got better things to do than get involved in a war with jedis, join the Mandalorians with our gold-tone stainless steel ring. Metal: Yellow stainless steelGallery Height: 5.89x18.52mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Create a warm and ambient glow anywhere within your home with this beautifully inviting Schofield Mission lamp set from Dale Tiffany.   resin base with an antiqued bronze finish each lamp is crafted of 224 pieces of hand-rolled art glass table lamp has an on/off switch; torchiere floor lamp has a 3-way switch Resin/glass. Table lamp measures 14x14x22; torchiere floor lamp measures 14x14x72. Table lamp shade is 14x7¾; torchiere shade is 14x7. Table lamp uses one 75W bulb, max., not included; floor lamp uses one 150W bulb, max., not included. Assembly required. Imported. Due to Title 20 legislation, California customers will receive a lamp with an on/off switch and a free compact fluorescent bulb. About Dale Tiffany More than a century ago, Louis Comfort Tiffany developed innovative new glasswork techniques that enabled him to create the meticulously ornate designs he became so well known for. And now for decades, Dale Tiffany has carried on that tradition of craftsmanship by using the same opalescent glass and copper foil techniques to produce exquisite illuminated works of art. To this day, each Dale Tiffany stained glass piece is handcrafted using these painstaking processes, ensuring that no two pieces are exactly alike. We invite you to enjoy our stunning selection of Dale Tiffany products made exclusively for JCPenney.  
Constructed with sealed seams for extra protection against the elements, these leather boots maintain your casually confident look with ease. construction leather upper rubber sole details lace up dual-comfort footbed with open cell and memory foam
Don’t let your clothes dictate your schedule. Wear looks that match your on-the-go lifestyle, like these soft, blended joggers from Champion. regular fit sits at waist rib-knit waist with drawstring side-seam welt pockets back zipper pocket crotch gusset for flexibility reflective heat transfer logo cuffed bottom granite hthr: cotton/polyester/spandex all others: cotton/polyester washable imported
Reflect your out-of-the-box personality with this anti-cookie-cutter ring comprised of an Australian opal and sides of blue sapphires.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Oval genuine Australian opal Other Stones: Round genuine blue sapphires Gallery Height: 7mmm Dimensions: 19x21mm Size: 7 only   Ring is available in size 7 only at jcp.com. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The Velocity Brew coffee maker delivers perfectly brewed coffee in less time that it takes for you to hit the snooze and catch a few more winks.    the unique sprayhead evenly extracts the ideal flavor from your ground coffee brews 4-10 cups in about 4 minutes a short brewing time means coffee won’t taste bitter an internal tanks holds water at 200ºF, the optimal brewing temperature porcelain-coated warming plate with lighted on/off switch Plastic/stainless steel. Measures 13¾x7x15H. Imported.
Shiny, fun bangles are perfect for the girl on the go, so mix it up with this rectangle case watch from Mixit.   Brand: Mixit Dial Color: Varies Strap: Metal Alloy Clasp: Bangle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 20 Case Thickness: 8 Bracelet Dimensions: 6” long, 15mm wide Model No.: 9008 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Stafford easy-care dress shirt is a wardrobe staple featuring our commitment to quality and wearability. easy care performance specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked cotton/polyester washable imported
Add some raw style to your look with our Arizona denim shorts, which matches with any top for a great warm-weather outfit. zip-and-button closure 5-pocket styling  cotton/Lycra® spandex washable imported
Whether you are lounging by the pool or on vacation, our fun beach towels are the perfect summer pick. island and beach jacquard print yarn-dyed fabric ensures colors stay vibrant 40x70 100% plush cotton washable imported
Comfortable in even the toughest working conditions, our Viper Pro 5 boots feature a professional look and superior grip for extra protection. technology Vibram® oil/slip-resistant outsole offer maximum grip anti-microbial design construction suede leather/nylon mesh upper rubber sole details lace-up entry moisture-wicking lining keeps your feet dry and comfortable composite shank offers lightweight yet safe support removable sock liner  
Keep the look cool and the warmth in with this faux-leather coat, featuring a neck-protecting stand collar and banded bottom. midweight stand collar zip front long sleeves with adjustable snap cuffs banded bottom 2 lower handwarmer pockets interior zip pocket shell face: polyurethane shell back: rayon/polyester lining and fill: polyester knit: polyester/spandex wipe clean with damp cloth imported
Super-soft stretch twill and a super-comfortable hidden stretch waistband will make you want to wear our Comfort Fit straight-leg pants from Lee seven days a week.   sits just below waist hidden Comfort Fit stretch waistband moves with you straight leg with 17½ opening flat front button-and-zip fly front slant pockets back flap pockets black, sahara, nantucket, relic herringbone, black arrow tweed: cotton/spandex charcoal heather: cotton/polyester/spandex indigo rinse: cotton/polyester/spandex denim washable imported misses: 32 inseam petite: 29 inseam
The perfect blend of a suitcase and duffel, Athalon Hybrid Travelers wheeled duffel bag keeps you organized with everything you need in a durable, yet amazingly lightweight piece.   wide zippered opening provides easy access to contents in-line skate wheels with telescoping pull handle for smooth rolling front feet allow bag to stand upright top, front and side ergonomic handles interior mesh pocket for organized packing   High-density polyester. Measures 25x15x11; 9 lbs. Imported.
All-in-one swivel glider recliner boasts sleek, modern clean lines with curved smooth arms for a streamlined look. With the durable, scratch-free, stain-resistant PerformaBlend fabric cover, this chair is ideal for rocking, feeding or reading to baby.   PVC free PerformaBlend process combines ground-up leather particles on the back side of the fabric to add strength fabric remains cool on the surface, even after being sat in for long periods of time French seaming on the back, seat and arms heavy-duty all-steel mechanism padded footrest 35x31.25x39.25H partially assembled; instructions included hardwood frame; polyurethane cover spot clean with baby wipes made in America 
Take your look from day to night with our sleeveless flowing print dress and coordinating short-sleeve bolero jacket. 17½ jacket length sleeveless dress with center back zip 31 length from shoulder polyester dress with polyester lining rayon/nylon jacket hand wash, line dry imported
These Egyptian cotton bath towels complete your bath with a splash of color and a touch of luxurious softness. 2-ply construction provides extra softness  incredibly soft and absorbent hollow yarns get fluffier after every wash coordinates with the Royal Velvet plush bath rug, sold separately Egyptian cotton. Washable. Imported. Bath towel: 30x56 Hand towel: 16x28 Washcloth: 13x13 Bath sheet: 34x64 Tub mat: 21x34 6-piece set including 2 bath towels, 2 hand towels and 2 washcloths. You can purchase these towels individually, but your best value is to buy the six-piece set altogether. This set will give your bathroom a coordinated look and feel while saving you money. Care tip: Some lint may be observed in the first few launderings of towels, and will diminish with each subsequent laundering. This does not affect the look, feel or performance of your towels. Please follow the recommended care instructions on the label and keep the lint trap clean on your dryer. Care tip: Avoid contact with skincare products to help minimize towel spotting or bleaching. Eco-friendly tip: This towel is made with long-lasting quality in mind. Give it a second life when you're through with it by donating it to a local charity instead of discarding in the trash.  **This product meets the Green Good Housekeeping Seal environmental standard for Textiles for following strict industry standard and energy-efficient production processes and for J.C. Penney's corporate social responsibility efforts.
  These casual bermuda shorts are constructed in a durable twill that retains its shape and style year after year.   front and back pockets 11 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Embrace a look that’s all girl in our comfortable, cotton-rich boykini panties from Flirtitude. package of 5 cotton/spandex washable imported
A lovely holiday piece all on its own, this festive fluted serving bowl is great for savory side dishes, crispy salads and sweet desserts. durable stoneware construction microwave and freezer safe Stoneware. Measures 9 in diameter. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Deep clean your carpet and floors with the Hoover Steam Vac All-Terrain cleaner. Exclusive features provide superb performance.   Dual V® nozzle technology heated cleaning patented SpinScrub brushes auto-rinse technology 12-amp motor 13 cleaning path automatic detergent mixing system removable tool caddy Includes: 8' hose/20' cord powered SpinScrub hand tool hard floor squeegee 16-oz. floor detergent Measures 13½x14x44H. Some assembly required. Imported.
Big bold lines equal big, bold style in our keyhole back blouse. approx. 24¾ - 25¾ length polyester washable imported
Take charge with our long-sleeve open-front blazer layered over your favorite top and pants. polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
This reversible belt switches easily from black to brown.   gunmetal finish twist reversible buckle laser engraved accents 1 2/5 wide faux leather imported more sizes: regular, big For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Get noticed in our super-comfy long cozy, with a drapey style that pairs great with leggings or skinny jeans. long sleeves rolled hems side slits rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
He just can't wait to be king of bedtime with our coordinating Simba pajamas.●    includes top and bottom●    ribbed crewneck●    ribbed cuff wrists and ankles●    elastic waits●    tight fitting●    100% cottonFor child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.  
Weather the season in the comfort of our leather anorak jacket that features a detachable hood and drawcord waist for a more fitted look.   leather professionally leather care only imported 
With their high and edgy design, these pumps help you walk tall and stay right on trend. synthetic upper 4½ heel textured design rubber sole
Kick-start your casual looks with our comfortably stylish Propet Scout booties, designed in soft velour and cushioned insoles that will keep you fresh on your feet.   washable velour upper elastic gore for easy on and off nylex lining removable EVA-cushioned insole internal heel counter and fiberglass shank for added stability rubber sole SIZING NOTE: We suggest ordering a half size larger than your normal shoe size.   
Give your look some punch with these pretty patent-look pumps. synthetic upper approx. 2 heel patent design rubber/textile sole
With our Liz Claiborne weekend tunic waiting for you at the end of the week you'll really have something to look forward to. scoopneck elbow sleeves polyester/rayon washable imported
The ideal furniture solution for showcasing your television and other media in this modern black with gray console, packed with organizing features and stylish details.●    heavy-duty steel/MDF frame●    durable butt joinery construction●    black with gray finish●    open center storage with fixed shelf●    cord management opening for clean look●    enclosed storage in 2 side cabinets, each with an adjustable shelf●    raised metal base and sleek rounded handles●    accommodates up to a 50 flat screen TV●    52x16x22.25H●    assembly required; tools included●    wipe clean●    imported  
This bright graphic tee easily matches jeans and shorts for the perfect transition from school time to play time. crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
Bold and striking—this tie pairs well with jeans or your favorite slacks.   3½ wide silk spot clean imported
  These slip on men’s shoes from Florsheim® combine a reliable, comfortable leather upper and a solid rubber sole.   leather upper suedetec lining rubber sole
A sophisticated look with multi-function movement defines the Finn collection by Fjord. Its black genuine leather strap, rectangular case and beautiful black dial make this watch the perfect luxury-defining style for any man. Brand: Fjord Dial Color: Black Strap: Black leather Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m and under Case Width: 36mm Case Thickness: 9mm Model No.: FJ-3017-01 Special Features: Genuine leather strap; multi-function day and 24 hours; mineral lens Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Even when the cake is gone, there's more to enjoy when the guests see the retro-inspired cake design on the Cake Boss four-piece porcelain dessert plate set with the mini cakes pattern.   crafted from sturdy, quality porcelain and finished with a beautiful decal glaze lively colors and patterns capture old-school bakeshop tradition and heritage each plate features a distinctively colored rim with a cake design that's revealed when desserts are finished coordinates with Cake Boss bowls, mugs and other serveware pieces microwave safe set of 4 Porcelain. Each plate measures 8 in diameter. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
The bouclé brim of this Panama hat gives it an all-weather look and will look great in sun or snow.   one size polyester/acrylic spot clean only imported
All paths lead to love, as depicted in this pendant necklace with curved lines of diamond accents concluding with heart-shaped, genuine citrine.Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: 5mm and 6mm heart-shaped genuine citrineOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: ProngClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long box chainPendant Size: 8x16mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
This standout men's watch is perfect for a leisurely weekend with its gunmetal dial and unique leather mesh strap. Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: GunmetalStrap: Gunmetal leatherClasp: FoldoverMovement: QuartzCase Width: 34mmCase Thickness: 7mmBracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 25mm wideModel No.: 53302 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give your bedroom a sophisticated makeover with this distinctive paisley patchwork quilt set and matching accessories featuring popular colors for a vintage-inspired look with modern appeal. charming paisley print hand-guided quilting adds unique character reverses to allover paisley print 100% cotton with cotton fill twin: 88x68 full/queen: 90x90 king: 105x95 washable imported 2-piece twin set includes: quilt sham 3-piece full/queen or king sets include: quilt 2 shams Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams.
Comfortable, casual and cool, these jogger pants by Arizona are sure to complement his sporty style to a tee. drawstring waist 3-pocket styling leg inserts for comfort fit flat front cotton/polyester washable imported
A reflection of your inimitable sense of style, this watch shines with a pink, brushed dial with outer mirrored ring, crystal-accent bezel and five-link, silver-tone bracelet band. The clean, contemporary dial is adorned only with silver-tone hands and crystal-accent markers.   Brand: Liz Claiborne Dial Color: Pink with mirrored accents Strap: Silver-tone metal alloy Accents: Crystal accents Clasp: Adjustable jewelry clasp Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 33mm Case Thickness: 10mm Bracelet Dimensions: 6⅔-7 long, 16mm wide Model No.: LC1178 Special Features: Durable ion plating, pink dial with mirrored accent, crystal-accent markers and bezel, silver-tone bracelet band, self-adjusting links, 3ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our Maidenform Everyday Boyshorts are designed to be stretchy yet supportive and with its seamless construction you will feel your comfortable best every time you wear it. Features back ruching for derriere shaping.   package of 2 everyday control provides a sleek look under clothes stretchy seamless construction for comfortable everyday wear back ruching for derriere shaping perfect under form-fitting pants or skirts nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #12587
Featuring a modern plaque buckle and reversible design, this JF J. Ferrar belt is sure to be a versatile favorite. 1⅜ wide plaque buckle polyurethane/ bonded leather/polyester imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Snuggle up in comfort and warmth with our soft and cozy velour bootie slippers featuring a silky boa cuff and hidden elastic gore for a custom fit. slip resistant waterproof sole polyester upper rubber sole machine wash, air dry imported
true Love cooking with this sleek oven with plenty of space to cook for a crowd. The self-cleaning with steam option cleans up those hard to reach places, giving you more time to enjoy cooking and less time cleaning. 4.3 cu. ft. oven capacity gives you plenty of space to cook more dishes at once glass touch controls allow you to set temperatures quickly and clean with little effort achieve delicious results from a third heating element and fan combination hidden bake element distributes heat evenly throughout even baking is assured with ten-pass heat that covers more surface area get full broil coverage with eight-pass broil element for more even browning from edge to edge self-clean, with steam clean option in both ovens conveniently clean your oven and racks together see how your food is baking with Halogen oven lighting and big view window audible preheat signal certified Sabbath mode, prepare food by kosher standards
Put a twist on your cup of caffeine with this set of cafe crème cups and saucers. The classic design features an eye-catching postage stamp motif that’s sure to bring a special touch to each cup you pour.   open rim allows the taste and aroma to linger great for mixing with other Konitz drinkware 8-piece set includes: four 3-ounce café creme cups four 4.7 saucers Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Always keep your cool when the game heats up in these breathable, lightweight basketball shorts from Nike.       moisture-wicking fabric sits just below waist elastic waist with drawcord on-seam pockets left leg Swoosh 11 inseam polyester washable imported
Kick back and relax in classic fashion with our super-soft pocket T-shirt and its flattering neckline. scoop neck short sleeves relaxed fit, cut generously through the body front pocket- solids only misses: approx. 28 length petities: approx. 26 length talls: approx. 29 length rayon/polyester washable imported
The classic styling and soft slub fabric of our crewneck T-shirt will make it one of the most versatile pieces in your closet. approx. 28 - 29¾ front length 100% cotton washable imported
Take your jeans look to the next level with our capris and their turquoise embellished pockets. mid rise embellished back pocket 5-pocket style 23 inseam; 21 rolled cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported    
A flat satiny bow and peep toes give you a more dressed-up pump, but with the same comfort you expect. leather upper 1¾ heel Soft Delight Comfort System leather sole
Keep summer going all year long with this colorful watermelon tumbler that’s perfect for picnics, poolside parties and family gatherings. made from extremely durable, BPA-free Tritan™ material double-wall technology reduces condensation designed to keep beverages cold or hot longer freezer safe includes travel lid 16-ounce capacity Plastic. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
This cotton-top waterproof mattress pad doesn't crinkle and will protect your investment in your mattress.   100% cotton top provides a smooth surface under your sheets laminated back prevents liquids from soaking through to mattress without a loud crinkling noise 4 ounces of polyester fiberfill per square yard patented guaranteed-to-fit skirt fits mattresses up to 21 deep  Polyester back and fill. Washable. Made America of imported and domestic materials. Twin: 38x75x1H Twin XL: 38x80x1H Full: 53x75x1H Queen: 60x80x1H King: 76x80x1H Cal. King: 72x84x1H 
Our steak plate features a grooved channel to catch excess juices and is made with beautiful, durable acacia wood. acacia wood 10.75x13x0.75H hand wash, oil regularly imported
With a softly padded top and timeless design, this bonded leather storage ottoman has a beautiful presence in any room.   solid hardwood frame finger-joint joinery dark bonded leather seat filled with upholstery foam spacious interior storage compartment with a hinged lid espresso-finished wood legs 250-pound weight capacity Upholstery is bonded leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 35Wx35Dx19H. Imported.
Good day, sunshine! It’s so fun to wake up to the prospect of bloomin’ cute hipster panties.   allover floral print against white ground elastic-trimmed top edge and leg openings cotton/spandex washable imported
Wear our relaxed-fit print shirt to work, on the weekend—any time you want to be comfortable, yet look polished. shirt collar button placket chest pocket button cuffs back yoke side vents cotton washable imported
true Modern technology to fit your family's lifestyle, this GE® Profile™ free-standing range features over 5.6 cu. ft. of oven capacity and a 20,000 BTU tri-ring burner for quick and convenient heating across the edge-to-edge cooktop. 5.6 cu. ft. oven capacity 20,000 BTU tri-ring burner dual purpose center burner accommodates griddles or oversized pots gas convection oven circulates heat for high-quality results edge-to-edge cooktop gives extra room for pots and pans of all sizes Chef Connect allows you to sync the clocks on your range and over-the-range microwave self-clean with Steam Clean option heavy-duty, self-clean roller rack that glides smoothly for easy access heavy duty, self-clean grates stay in oven during self-clean cycle temperature probe ensures meat is cooked thoroughly
true Enjoy an attractive appearance and long-lasting durability with this high-performing dishwasher, complete with 102 cleaning jets and a reversing quad blade wash arm.   It also features WiFi Connect which allows you to monitor and check cycle status from your mobile device. ENERGY STAR® qualified top control with color LCD display 40 dBA with LED status indicator on the door 4 bottle wash jets integrated into the upper rack shower water deep inside tall items for the ultimate clean advanced wash system with 102 cleaning jets full-extension, customizable third rack to easily clean an entire flatware collection easy touch adjustable upper rack with 2 Stem Safe shelves that can move moved 2 inches up or down to accommodate tall glassware and 10½ plates lower rack with adjustable tines and Wash Your Way customizable rack 25 spray jets to hit items from every angle variable pressure jets ensure every dish is completely clean with middle and lower arms that vary water pressure for thorough coverage hidden vent with fan that circulates air to remove moisture and 1,000-watt hidden heater
Bright colors on this multicolor bead gold-tone cuff bracelet give your look a beach-chic vibe. Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Multicolor beadsDimensions: 2.5 longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Dickies long-sleeve twill work shirt is in it for the long haul.   stain-release treatment to help most stains wash away colors match our traditional work pants moisture wicking to keep shirt cool and dry colors match our traditional work pants generous sleeve length adjustable button cuffs extra-long tail polyester/cotton washable imported of domestic fabric more sizes: regular, tall, big, big tall
Great with jeans, shorts, khakis—you name it—this tee is the one you'll reach for again and again. crewneck tagless short sleeves white, black navy, chili pepper: cotton all other colors: cotton/polyester washable imported  
Add classic ambiance to any decor with these low-maintenance braid rugs.   handmade protects floors in high-traffic areas Nylon/wool/viscose. Spot clean spills
Bring a garden setting to your table with the swirling pattern on this 16-piece dinnerware set that makes choosing your favorite everyday pattern a breeze.   perfect for entertaining or everyday use long-lasting patterns won’t wash, wear or scratch off Vitrelle glass is a special tempered glass consisting of 3 glass layers pressed together for a thin design with added strength break, chip and scratch resistant for carefree durability microwave and oven safe 16-piece set includes: four 10¼” dinner plates four 6¾” bread plates four 18-ounce soup/cereal bowls four 11-ounce mugs Vitrelle glass; stoneware mug. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.  
Follow your arrow curtain valance is a sweet addition for your modern nursery.  54x15L cotton machine wash, lay flat to dry imported
Featuring exclusive Pillowtop® memory foam in the footbed, these comfortable yet trendy sandals are a must-have for warm weather fashion. soft leather upper huarache  adjustable buckle flexible rubber outsole for traction attractive stacked heel look low 1 heel height
Stay comfortable and confident throughout your workday with our steel-toed Hudson boots from Wolverine, featuring a supportive fit and rugged durability.   technology steel toe rated ASTM F2413-11 M I/75 C/75 EH construction nubuck leather/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up removeable cushioned footbed breathable panels oil and slip-resistant outsole padded nylon mesh lining lightweight nylon shank
Our 2-in-1 duvet set features a soft, quilted top and button closure for either a lightweight coverlet or warm comforter option.•    transitional new solid style to brighten decor•    fill with comforter insert and secure buttons for colder weather•    polyester•    cotton/olefin/polyester/rayon-filled duvet; polyester-filled decorative pillow•    washable; spot clean pillow•    full/queen duvet: 90x90•    king/cal. king duvet: 104x92•    imported4-pc. set includes:•    duvet cover•    2 shams•    16x16 decorative pillowFull/queen sets include standard shams. King/cal. king sets include king shams.  
  Attract song birds with this bird house kit built for 2 that you can paint yourself. It even has a real thatched roof!   measures 7x6x5 1/2 includes weather-proof paints; paint brush and instructions recommended for children ages 5 and up meets ASTM D4236 imported
A cool graphic print, contrast crewneck and contrast stitching make this tee the perfect fit for his casual style.   crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Go for the gold in our super-cool metallic Stay Golden sweatshirt, featuring C-3PO. cotton/polyester washable imported
Save the day with these Batman vs. Superman boxer briefs, featuring a superhero print and comfortable design. includes solid pair and print pair polyester/spandex washable imported S=4, M=6, L=8, XL=10
Classic and comfortable, our knitted decorative pillow adds a charming touch to your sofa or chair. Plus, it feels great when nap time rolls around.   textured, cable-knit design color choices are easy to coordinate measures 18x18   Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
These elastic suspenders do more than just hold their own, extending your style with their classic design. 1¼ wide straps; 54 long nickel-finished hardware polyester/nylon/metal hand wash imported
In beautiful deep amber and gold tones, this soap dispenser features a pebbled design that adds polished elegance to your bathroom. translucent design in shades of amber and burnished gold resin wipe clean with damp cloth 3x3x4¼H imported
Add a stylish layer with our soft anorak jacket, with roll tab sleeves for versatility.  collar button front 4 front pockets long sleeves with button tab approx. length 29 linen/cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Made of luxurious full-grain leather, these high-top boots show you don’t have to sacrifice style to enjoy flexibility, comfort and breathability. construction leather upper rubber sole details lace up side zipper for easy access
The perfect dress to wear on a casual outing or a more dressed up occasion, you'll love the belted detail to enhance your belly shape. round neckline sleeveless solid lining 37 front length; 35.5 back length polyester cotton/nylon yoke washable made in America of imported fabrics
Embrace a sleeker, smoother silhouette in our must-have control-top leggings, boasting firm control throughout the hips and legs for a slimmer shape.   comfortable, stretchable material for extra mobility nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Put some pep into your step with these breathable slip-on wedges, featuring a beautiful laser punchout design that's perfect for pairing with your favorite dresses.●    nubuck/leather upper●    3 heel●    slip-on●    laser punchout design●    polyurethane sole  
Our leggings look and feel great for your daily routine, thanks to stretchy fabric and a slim fit. slim fit 27½ inseam cotton/spandex  machine wash, line dry imported
Perfectly proportioned and simply seasonless, our pinstriped pants make for a wearable suiting look with modern impact. classic fit mid rise bootcut leg hook-and-bar zip fly closure non-functional pockets 33 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
true This 4.3 cu. ft. DOE front-load washer features a stainless steel tilt wash basket to keep even your most delicate clothing from snagging in the wash while the My Cycle setting lets you optimize the 10 wash cycles settings to customize your cycle for a better clean. ENERGY STAR® qualified 4.3 cu. ft. DOE capacity 10 wash cycles: Active Wear, Basket Clean, Bulky/Bedding, Colors/Normals, Delicates/Hand Wash, NSF Sanitize, Quick Wash, Rinse and Spin, Sanitize with Oxi, Towels & Sheets, Whites stainless steel drum electronic controls with LED display spin speeds up to 1100 RPM time saver option will reduce overall wash time on most cycles by at least 20% without sacrificing wash performance extended tumble freshly tumbles your garments periodically for up to 8 hours when unable to move clothing to the dryer right away Sanitize with Oxi removes 99.9% of bacteria with a dedicated cycle that uses an Oxi additive to boost your detergent's cleaning power, while keeping fabrics looking and feeling their best bulky/bedding cycle washes larger items, such as comforters, blankets and jackets My Cycle creates your favorite cycles for your specific clothes-care needs, vibration control adjusts spin patterns for each floor type for a smoother wash without walking or shaking fill hoses are required for installation (sold separately) Note: In order for pedestals to be installed they must be purchased and delivered with the corresponding washer and dryer. Short on space? To stack any front-load, front-control washer & dryer pair, purchase the corresponding Stacking Kit (sold separately) and select the “Stack Front Load Laundry Units” option from the Additional Parts & Services list when you add to bag. 
A timeless stylish pattern, our herringbone curtain panel is a classic texture with intricate details that has become a favorite choice for decorating windows. earth tones for easy decor matching fire retardant lined for enhanced weight and feel 1¼ grommets allows simple install 84x50L sold individually polyester washable imported
This graphic fleece hoodie from Eighty Eight features a sleeveless look that's made for layering in cooler weather. drawstring hood kangaroo pocket polyester/rayon/spandex washable made in America
Designed with a cool sleeping environment in mind, this luxurious mattress features a plush padded top that takes comfort to a whole new level.   1 PrimaSense™ gel foam topper conforms to body shape and weight 1 PrimaSense HD gel foam secondary layer promotes a cool sleeping environment 1½ PrimaCool™ SS gel foam layer offers a deeper sleep 1 and ½ PrimaCool gel memory foam layers provide extra comfort and support ½ PrimaCore™ gel foam layer absorbs motion Intellicoil individually wrapped coil-in-coil system PrimaComfort™ fabric is super stretchable StabiLux™ edge system provides a substantial yet comfortable mattress edge PrimaFlow™ solid brass air vents release excess heat throughout the night Cover is 100% polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Includes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring option also available. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin XL: 38x79½x15½H; 377 coil count Full: 53x74½x15½H; 522 coil count Queen: 60x79½x15½H; 651 coil count King: 76x79½x15½H; 806 coil count Cal. King: 72x83½x15½H; 825 coil count
Keep your furniture surfaces dry and free of moisture rings with these Thirstystone coasters.   porous stone absorbs messy drips from glasses cork backing protects furniture and surfaces makes a great wedding or housewarming gift printed in America set of 4 Dolomite/cork. Each coaster measures 4½ square. Hand wash. Imported.  
Our Nike Benassi Solarsoft slide sandals offer water-resistant cushioning, making it an excellent choice for all your outdoor activities. technology Nike Solarsoft foam footbed with built-in grooves for optimal drainage and airflow harder durometer Solarsoft foam provides durable traction and stability construction rubber/synthetic upper rubber sole details seamless construction for comfort flex grooves on the sole provide a more natural range of motion
Spider-Man-themed slippers save the day with a combination of softness and warmth.   slip on cotton/polyester canvas upper acrylic pile lining slip-resistant, indoor/outdoor thermoplastic rubber sole hand wash, air dry S(7-8), M(9-10), L(11-12), XL(13)
The red-and-white rings and center navy with white star makes the Captain America symbol on this t-shirt immediately recognizable. regular fit crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Perfect for everyday wear, this pull-on short will keep him cool and stylish.   pull-on cotton/polyester twill washable imported
Find some chilly-day perfection with our duster cardigan finished with ribbed knit texture for a look you'll want to curl up in. v-neck approx. 41⅝ - 43⅝ front length acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
Our Dockers straight-fit pants are handsome enough for work or a formal night out and are designed with stretch, no-iron fabric for easy care and a comfortable feel. stretch fabric for ease of motion no iron fabric permanent crease moisture management and soil release zip fly with hook and bar closure 1/4 top pockets 2 rear pockets straight hemmed leg flat-front straight fit polyester/rayon washable imported
Colorful beads and discs dangle from these double-drop earrings adding just the right amount of pizzazz to an outfit.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Red stones Back: Wire   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
You'll be completely captivated by this dazzling diamond heart pendant that showcases a center diamond that moves when you move, surrounded by stationary diamonds. Unique hinged setting allows the center stone to pivot within its frame, creating the effect of dancing light. The slightest movement brings these vibrant diamonds to life.   Metal: 10K white gold Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong and pavé Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 rope chain Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Keep it cool in the kitchen with this lined oven mitt.   silicone grip protects hand from heat up to 350ºF contrast woven houndstooth trim fits comfortably on left or right hand handy hanging tie Sold individually. Cotton with cotton lining. Measures 7x13. Washable. Imported.  
Polished silver memo box makes a beautiful addition to any home or office.   includes a stack of 4 x 6 note paper lid closes when not in use so it looks like a stylish accessory
Bring bold style to your wild urban look with our drawstring soft pants that are equal parts comfortable and chic.   polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported 
This cotton crossbody bag is the perfect all-purpose choice to carry all of your essentials. adjustable strap, 24” drop top zip closure polyvinyl chloride  exterior zip pocket interior zip pocket and 2 slip pockets 11Hx11WX3½”D imported
Arouse interest with this stunning gemstone ring. A bold lead glass-filled ruby lends fiery color to the timeless design, while a ¼ ct. t.w. diamond frame offers optimum sparkle. Metal: 10K yellow gold Stone: 7x5mm lead glass-filled ruby Other Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. diamonds Setting: Prong and channel Ring is only available at jcp.com in size 7. Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Lead glass-filled rubies require special care. Avoid ultrasonic cleaners, extreme heat and household chemicals and detergents to preserve the life of your stone. Wear with care and clean with warm soapy water to maintain the beauty of the stone. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Get ready to soak up the sun in style in our tank top, featuring a high neck and low armholes for a bold look.  roundneck low armholes 26-27¼ length polyester washable imported
Lightweight and oh-so-comfortable briefs by Jockey feel great against your skin and boast a “no panty line” seam for a smooth, flattering look.   nylon/spandex washable imported manufacturer’s style #1372
These ankle boots featuring a chic faux-leather look and covered wedge heel for effortless style that's right on trend. synthetic upper 3¾ wedge heel back zip entry synthetic sole
Our Liz Claiborne pretty paisley swim top has a confidence-building cut for a fresh approach to sunny weather fun. adjustable, removable straps sweetheart neckline built-in bra shirred sides lined nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported    
These fleece pants are a great way to stay comfortable during cooler days. They’re made from 5% recycled fibers, so they’re also eco-friendly.   drawstring waist flat front 2 side pockets straight legs elastic bottom Future Friendly™ fabric is eco-friendly cotton/polyester washable imported
Look good and feel good in our comfortable Tapout short-sleeve tee.  crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
A radiant square multi-top of 1/2 ct. t.w. stones set in gorgeous 14K white gold make this engagement ring the one that will be an eternally treasured symbol of your love and new life together.   Metal: 14K white goldStones: ½ ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: IClarity: I2-I3Setting: ProngGallery Height: 6.23   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Stay cool and confident in this easy-care dress shirt from Van Heusen, featuring a short-sleeve design constructed of soft, durable poplin fabric. easy-care construction            top-fused spread collar with permanent stays French placket                        short sleeves   v-shaped chest pocket box pleat back shirttail hem    polyester/cotton washable imported
Confident and self-assured, this handsome Relic men’s watch showcases a skeleton dial that reveals its mechanical workings. It’s always ready when you are, as your movements are the power source for this self-winding, automatic timepiece.   Brand: Relic® Dial Color: Black Strap: Silver-tone stainless steel Clasp: 2-pusher foldover Movement: Automatic Water Resistance: 165' Case Width: 42mm Case Thickness: 14mm Bracelet Dimensions: 195-205mm long, 22mm wide Model No.: ZR12013 Special Features: Water-resistant to 5ATM, skeleton dial Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our Maidenform Sleek Smoothers Shorty helps give you a sleek and sexy tummy and bottom and unlike most shapewear that squeezes everything in this thigh slimmer features lightweight smoothing for everyday control. everyday control shorter than most thigh slimmers to work with a variety of bottom styles lightweight smoothing provides everyday control elastic free legs help keep you looking smooth under clothes nylon/elastane cotton lining hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #2060
Soothe your little one into peaceful sleep with Brahms lullaby, played by this soft, plush bunny.   6x4.75x13”H batteries included polyester wipe with damp cloth and mild soap, air dry imported
For the man who wants a ring that can withstand his rugged days but also cater to his sensitive side, this titanium band is a match. It's lightweight yet strong as steel plus it's extremely hypoallergenic so it won't irritate his skin. Add in a sleek satin center and a comfort-fit design, and he'll be ready to say I do. Made in America. Metal: Titanium Width: 7mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Create a look that's all you in our long-sleeve blouse featuring a flattering cinched waistline. collar and front placket drawstring waist long sleeves approx. 32⅛-33⅝ length 100% cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Our classic fit St. John's Bay capri pants feature a slimming tummy panel and comfortable fabric that's sure to add style to your relaxed wardrobe. zip fly with button closure classic fit straight leg rinse color: cotton/polyester/spandex all other colors: cotton/spandex washable imported
Skinny cropped styling will make our denim ankle pants a year-round favorite. button-and-zip fly 5-pocket styling 27 inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Comfortable Arizona trunks in a fun shark camo print are sure to make a splash in and out of the water. side pocket with hook & loop flap UPF 50+ mesh liner polyester washable imported
This attractive washroom-style stand is the “purr-fect” hideaway for your cat’s litter box.   accommodates litter boxes up to 18½Wx16D helps keep kitty litter and other messes off the floor door opens wide to make clean-ups easier makes a great resting/sleeping place for dogs and cats can also be used as an end table or night stand includes shelf and stainless steel towel bar Wood. Measures 20x18x25H; opening in door measures 7x8H. Imported.
Lee® Plain Front twill pants have been redesigned with you in mind, with updated styling details that give them a more sophisticated look. They now feature an eased waist with Comfort Stretch so they move with you all day, plus updated fabric that's more refined and softer to the touch. sits at waist relaxed fit straight leg with 17½ opening eased waist with Comfort Stretch button-and-zip fly front slant pockets back welt pockets soft stretch twill: cotton/spandex indigo rinse: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported plus: 31 inseam plus petite: 28 inseam
Clear glittering crystals and silver-tone metal add a stunning touch to these double drop hoop earrings.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Clear crystals Back: Wire   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With an upgrade in comfort, our training shoes from Skechers make sure you stay in the game longer. technology Dura-Grip flexible rubber high traction outsole construction durable leather/synthetic/textile upper rubber sole details lace up mesh fabric panels for cooling effect stitching accents durable synthetic toe and heel bumper overlays reflective synthetic edging trim breathable cordura mesh side panels side S logo padded collar and tongue soft fabric shoe lining memory foam full length cushioned comfort insole shock absorbing supportive midsole stabilized midfoot
With a wide stepped frame, our chrome mirror will be an elegant statement piece in any room. silver frame can be hung vertically or horizontally mounting hardware not included glass/plastic 22x1.5x22 imported
Featuring a cushioned sole and stay-put design, our Dri-Tech crew socks offer a secure fit and moisture-control fibers to keep your feet dry and comfortable. moisture-wicking fabric keeps feet dry arch compression provides added support and stability ventilation channels are engineered for air circulation and moisture control half-cushion foot provides non-bulky comfort reciprocated heel and toe for superior fit and comfort cotton/polyester/spandex/nylon washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
This comforter set features an oversized chevron print in neutral gray and white that makes the perfect canvas for the rest of your bedroom look. extra-large chevron print in gray and white reverses to scaled-down chevron design decorative pillow features coordinating design to accent the look 3-piece Twin/Twin XL sets include: comforter sham decorative pillow 4-piece Full/Queen and King/Cal. King sets include: comforter 2 shams decorative pillow Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King/Cal. King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: comforter is 66x90 sham is 26x20; decorative pillow is 18x10 Full/Queen: comforter is 86x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillow is 18x10 King/Cal. King: comforter is 102x90; shams are 36x20; decorative pillow is 18x10
California graphic tee is, quite simply, paisley perfection.   crewneck cotton washable imported
When you need extra support, turn to the comfort of GoldToe’s knee-high compression socks. The unique contoured shape decreases pressure from ankle to knee and helps improve circulation.   firm compression level 20-30 mm/HG non restrictive heel and toe pockets accepted by the American Podiatric Medical Association nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 5-10
Hanes ComfortBlend t-shirts features the perfect combination of softness, durability and shrink-resistance. package of 4 slim design fits closer to your body for a more tailored look ultra-soft comfortblend cotton-poly fabric dries quickly durable fabric shrinks less than 100% cotton and holds its shape tagless v-neck keeps shape wash after wash cotton/polyester washable imported
Head to the gym in our tank top, featuring sheer mesh inserts, a reflective logo and moisture-wicking fabric to keep you cool and dry during your workout. sccopneck moisture-wicking fabric sheer mesh inserts reflective logo 27½ length polyester/spandex washable imported
Let this valance in a traditional Jacobean pattern breathe new life into your home.   double scalloped design features peek-a-boo coordinating stripe hang two valances together for optimal fullness 3 rod pocket fits up to a 2½ rod 3 header for decorative style Measures 52x18H. Sold individually. Cotton jacquard with polyester/cotton lining. Washable.  
With enough pockets to carry all his treasures, these cotton cargo shorts are practical and comfortable.•    2-front pockets•    2-back pockets•    2-cargo pockets•    zip fly with button closure•    100% cotton•    washable•    imported
Take on the tribal trend in our cute bralette swim top, perfect for your day in the sun. removable cups back hook closure partially lined polyester/elastic hand wash, dry flat imported
These suspenders take your formal looks far beyond merely functional with leather tabs, silver-finish clips and a micro pindot pattern that adds subtle, sophisticated visual appeal. only at JCPenney 1½ wide straps adjustable fit leather tabs metal hardware polyester/elastane/leather spot clean imported
The classic styling of this men's chunky curb chain in durable stainless steel and gold-tone ionic plating will make it a favorite for years to come.   Metal: Stainless steel and gold-tone ionic plating (IP) Closure: Foldover clasp Length: 22 curb chain Width: 12mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
These 100% combed cotton briefs feature her favorite characters in colors she loves.   elastic trim cotton washable imported
Thanks to soft gathering and a side buckle at the waist, our short-sleeve abstract paisley dress offers refined yet relaxed styling. roundneck short sleeves 41¼ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Go with the flow of brilliance. Waves of crystals gracefully curve on this silver-plated ring. Metal: Silver-plated brass Stones: Blue and clear crystals Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Blending natural materials with a weatherworn rubbed finish, this headboard, nightstand and chest turn your bedroom space into an island-inspired retreat.   mahogany and woven wicker construction with leather-wrapped accents butt-joint joinery headboard features carved pineapple finials and interior padding nightstand features 3 storage drawers with side-mounted metal glides chest features 4 storage drawers with side-mounted metal glides Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported. Full/Queen headboard: 65Wx4Dx53H King/Cal. King headboard: 81Wx4Dx53H Nightstand: 21Wx18Dx25H Chest: 36Wx18Dx36H
These flat-front suit pants shed wrinkles for a look that travels remarkably well. And they’re machine washable, too.   crease-resistant and resilient fabric big and tall fit zip fly with hook-and-eye closure flat front front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets lined to the knee hemmed fabric: wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported
Stay cool and comfortable all day with the hidden expandable waistband and moisture-wicking fabric of these shorts by Haggar. moisture wicking no iron classic fit standard rise straight leg flat front hemmed zip-fly with button closure hidden expandable waistband button-down back pockets 9½” inseam polyester washable imported
Fill your bedroom with the exquisitely detailed damask design on this luxurious comforter set. A special fabric blend gives the chenille comforter a very soft finish that you'll love wrapping yourself in each night. corded details add a nice finishing touch versatile colors soft and comfortable chenille fabric 4-piece set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 16 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full and Queen sets include standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt. Dry clean. Imported. Full: comforter is 80x90; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 54x75 Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 60x80 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 78x80 Cal. King: comforter is 104x100; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 72x84
For those who expect nothing less than perfection, the FHI HEAT Runway styling iron is the only choice. With six layers of pure ceramic on the plates and a specialized heating system that provides consistent temperature and instantaneous heat recovery, FHI HEAT’s signature styling iron will take your looks to the next level.   digital temperature control with color coding for precise heat settings, with a range of 266-450°F, to address specific hair types and textures hand-touch technology with an energy-efficient Sleep Mode that rapidly heats to optimum temperature as soon as you begin using the iron one-hour Auto Shut-off smooth and straight or waves and curls—floating, beveled plates allow you to create multiple styles ergonomically designed with a professional 9' cord that has self-grip closure and a hang-up hook for ease of storage includes thermal bag and mat Imported.   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month. 
Our tricot hipster swim bottoms feature keyholes and side ties that perfectly complement the American flag inspired red-and-white striped print. side ties fully lined tricot nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Add some chic charm to your look with the colorblock design of our short-sleeve lace sheath dress. v-neck short sleeves back zip 37 length from shoulder polyester lining polyester/cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
From cool-weather runs to cheering your favorite team, stay comfortably stylish in this colorblock hoodie from Spalding. Therma-Power technology helps keep you warm and dry loose fit drawstring hood with contrast-colored mesh lining long sleeves left chest logo embroidery kangaroo pocket polyester washable imported
Stay a step ahead of fashion-forward with our striped sweater-knit top and its asymmetric front panel. scoopneck rayon/spandex washable imported
Our relaxed-fit pants from Stafford are comfortable enough for travel and sharp enough for business. zip fly and button closure relaxed fit hemmed leg 2 front and 2 back pockets 100% cotton polyester lining dry clean only imported
Standing out with its distinct plaid pattern, this pair of highly polished cuff links can be engraved with up to three letters—in classic Roman font—on each oval center signet. may be engraved with 3 letters at no additional cost swivel backs ¾ x ⅝   rhodium-plated brass made in America
What it is:A duo of signature cheek shades for sunkissed radiance.What it does:Channel summer’s sultry glow. Three limited-edition palettes pair the coveted, all-season Laguna Bronzer with an iconic NARS blush for a radiant flush. Ranging in shades from shimmering iridescent pink to deep golden brown, these complementary pairings deliver summer's quintessential radiance with ease and convenience anytime of year.Size:0.35 oz
These chair cushions are slip-resistant and extra-thick to bring new comfort and style to your chairs.    gripper backing prevents shifting; helps keep cushions in place without ties thickly padded cushions in soft fabric with subtle pattern and texture available in a variety of color Gripper slip-resistant latex/polyester backing Woven polyester with polyester fill. Package of 2, each measures 15Wx15Dx3H. Spot clean. Made in America.
Sprinkle more sweet love over cakes, cookies and more with the Cake Boss stainless steel powdered sugar shaker with lid.   holds one cup of dry ingredients and is perfect for shaking confectioner's sugar, cocoa power, cinnamon and more over desserts and baked goods crafted from top-quality stainless steel with a tight-fitting, fine mesh cap includes a snug-fitting translucent plastic lid to cover the opening and keep air and moisture away from sugars and other ingredients Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
With a semi-high waist and contrast print ruffled yoke, our solid knit hipster swim bottoms will add a flirty touch to your poolside style. nylon/spandex washable imported
Lose yourself in the sparkling blue topaz of this earring, necklace and ring set.Metal: Sterling silverStones: Genuine blue topazOther Stones: Lab-created white sapphires Earring Back: Post Necklace Dimensions: 18 long chainGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Pearls look fantastic with everything from your LBD (little black dress) to a cute tee. This is a beautiful and very affordable set includes a necklace, stretch bracelet and stud earrings.   Metal: Sterling silver Metal Color: White Pearl Type: 8.5-10mm cultured freshwater Pearl Color: White Closure: Push lock (necklace) Necklace Length: approx. 17” for inner row, 18” for outer row Earring back: Friction Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our tank top features smocked shoulders and a flowing style that pairs nicely with a variety of bottoms. v-neck smocked shoulders 25-27½ length rayon/polyester washable imported
Built with spandex to allow comfortable movement, these jogger shorts work just as well at the gym as they do lounging at home. elastic waist with drawstring front pockets 10¼ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported  
Geo-patterned silk tie has the perfect blend of complementary colors to give your look an eye-catching accent that doesn't overpower your style.   3¼ wide silk spot clean imported
The beautiful combination of purple, teal and earth tones come together in thin stripes on this coverlet set featuring coordinating pillows that add dimension.   made from soft microfiber for easy care brings a new esthetic to any room 6-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: coverlet 2 shams 3 decorative pillows Full/Queen set includes standard shams. King set includes king shams. Polyester coverlet with cotton/polyester/rayon fill; polyester shams; polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Full/Queen: coverlet is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16, 18x18 and 12x18 King: coverlet is 104x94; shams are 36x20; decorative pillows are 16x16, 18x18 and 12x18
A stylish solution to hold paper towels on your countertop, this paper towel holder features a tension arm that makes it easy to remove one sheet at a time.   durable stainless steel rod and base built-in finger loop makes it easy to pick up and move the holder weighted base keeps the holder steady 5-year manufacturer’s warranty. 7.4x8.2x14.3H. Steel/plastic. Imported.
The fun and frilly style of our off-the-shoulder short-sleeve crochet romper makes it the perfect outfit for your next sunny day spent outside. 5 inseam lined shell: polyester/rayon lining: rayon/spandex washable imported
Polish off your exquisite style with these rectangular, rhodium-plated cuff links only at JCPenney polished rhodium plating brass /zinc/rhodium imported
Share the love with these darling heart-shaped sterling silver stud earrings fashioned from lustrous red CZs.Metal: Sterling silverStones: Cubic zirconiaSetting: ProngBack: PostDimensions: .34x.32 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Whether you are working out or just chillin' with friends, you will be cool and comfortable wearing our fun character tank top with a racerback style. scoopneck sleeveless cotton/polyester washable imported
What it is:Glamglow’s THIRSTYMUD™ Hydrating Treatment is a nondrying hydration mask to deliver instant, extremely effective hydration.What it does:THIRSTYMUD™ uses the newest, most advanced, and extreme hydration active technologies that moisturizes, restores, replenishes and calms the skin - Dewdration™ enhances and locks in moisture for a dewy and youthful result - HydraPack™ delivers an instant silky, soft and supple feel to the skin - GreenEnergy™ smooths and rejuvenates the skin, while delivering a healthy-looking, glowing complexionWhat it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Phthalates
Your little one will be ready for sweet dreams and warm snuggles in these adorable penguin pajamas. includes top and long pants top: crewneck, long sleeves, embroidered appliqué pants: elastic waist, fleece polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
The printed waist on these stretchy yoga capris adds girly flair to any workout wardrobe. printed waist capri length cotton/spandex washable imported
You'll love the jewel neckline and the sleek patterned print on our pleat-neck blouson maxi dress. sleeveless 54¼ length from shoulder lined polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Ensure your Euro shams stay looking great with our oversized Euro pillow that stays fluffy and in shape. Ideal for lounging or stuffing shams hypoallergenic provides firm support designed to fit 26x26 Euro sham(s) measures 23x23x3 polyester/nylon; 27-oz. polyester fill wrapped around convoluted foam bun spot clean only made in America
The flirty sheerness of chiffon makes this babydoll set an intriguing choice for special occasions. includes babydoll and panties pleated V cups adjustable crisscross straps polyester washable imported
Touches of lace add a sweet touch to our polka dot full-figure underwire bra. package of 2 full figure adjustable straps underwire polyester/polyamide/elastane machine wash, tumble dry or dry flat imported
A ring as unique as she is. A beautiful oval aquamarine appears to float within delicate bands of sterling silver adorned with a row of sparkling white sapphires.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 1.46 ct. heat-treated oval aquamarine, 9x7mm Other Stones: Lab-created round white sapphires Setting: Prong Gemstones may be treated and may require special care; ctw. is approximate. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
What it is:A three-piece set for a long-wear, healthy mani that includes a full-size Oxygen Performance Top Coat, Oxygen Smoothing Base Coat, and a crystal nail file. What it does:Maintain and revive nails with this three-piece set. Crystal Nail File: A fine grit, glass nail file allows you to gently shape nails. Swipe on the Oxygen Smoothing Base Coat, a mineral-rich formula that refines nail texture while hiding ridges and imperfections. It acts as a protective base that helps color last longer and prevents staining. Brush on shine and long-wear when you coat your nail polish with the Oxygen Performance Top Coat. The finish allows oxygen to permeate the nail bed, supporting strong, healthy nail growth. Formulated with nutrient-rich caviar extract and scratch-resistant platinum, it creates a glossy protective seal that extends the life of your mani. This set contains: - 0.27 Oxygen Performance Top Coat - 0.27 Oxygen Performance Base Coat - Crystal nail file What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know:This product is vegan, cruelty-free, and a five-free formulation.Suggested Usage:-Wear Oxygen Smoothing Base Coat on its own, or apply under polish for subtle mani perfecting. -Prep clean, unpolished nails with alcohol. -Apply one layer of Oxygen Performance Top Coat. -Wait 60 seconds before applying color. -To maximize the healing and strengthening benefits of Oxygen Technology, use with Julep Color Treat nail polish, and finish with Oxygen Performance Top Coat. -Tip: to prevent splitting, always file nails in one direction, not back and forth.
Our CL by Laundry sandals have unexpected fun with a chunky heel that will earn rave reviews. synthetic upper open toe adjustable ankle strap 2½ heel thermoplastic rubber sole
  This versatile organizer fits securely over any cabinet door to bring order to cabinets in the kitchen, bathroom, and laundry room. The durable molded tray protects cabinets from drips and spills.   removable tray for easy cleaning rubber padding protects door heavy-gauge chrome steel construction no hardware required Steel. Imported.
Get a complete look when you pair our Dickies work shirt with matching bottoms.   generous fit across the shoulders moisture-wicking dyed to match Dickies work pants treated for stain release patch pockets with button flaps and back yoke polyester/cotton washable imported more sizes: regular, big
You would do it all over again. So, celebrate this eternal love with an anniversary band. Designed in a prong setting to let maximum light shine through each diamond, it sparkles with pure brilliance.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K yellow gold Stones: ½ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 2mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our Stafford wrinkle-free oxford dress shirt is a perennial classic that matches equally well with denim to dress trousers. wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering button-down collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable adjustable cuffs more sizes: regular, athletic, big, extra tall cotton/polyester washable imported
Bring a strappy look to date night with our platform sandals embellished with eye-catching jewels. synthetic metallic upper 4¾ heel ¾ platform adjustable buckle closure synthetic rubber sole
Billowy and beautiful, the Newport duvet cover set features ruched detailing that adds a wonderful layer of texture to your decor.   allover ruched fabric in beige soft and comfortable cotton percale fabric includes a matching decorative pillow 4-piece set includes: duvet cover 2 shams decorative pillow Queen set includes two standard shams. King set includes two king shams. Cotton duvet cover and shams; cotton decorative pillow with polyester fill. Washable; spot clean decorative pillow. Imported. Queen: duvet cover is 90x90; decorative pillow is 18x12 King: duvet cover is 104x92; decorative pillow is 18x12
The classic look of our Dockers boat shoes give you a leg up on the competition.   100% full grain leather upper 360-degree lace system removable sock liner rubber sole
With a light and breezy gauze fabric, this flutter sleeve top features a beautiful, colorful print sure to leave her looking her best no matter where she goes. front yoke short flutter sleeves polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
For a crisp, clean look that's ready for business, our cap-toe oxfords from Claiborne are a perfect pick.   leather upper thermoplastic-rubber sole 
A chiffon cape brings flowy dimension to our shutter-pleat dress, creating a soft, feminine look that's perfect for your dressy occasions.   37 length from shoulder chiffon: polyester knit: polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Loose-fitting dungarees are made to work with handy pockets to hold all your on-the-job essentials.   13.75 oz. heavyweight denim loose fit - traditional rise that sits at the natural waist and has a slimmer leg opening that will fit over boots full cut through the seat and thigh straight leg fits over the top of work boots  decorative stitching on back pockets two deep, scoop-front pockets and two oversized hip pockets bartacks at stress points all sizes have 37 unfinished inseam cotton washable imported of domestic goods more sizes: regular, big  
Look and feel your best in these flat-front suit pants, featuring timeless pinstriping that shows you mean business when it comes to your formal style. only at JCPenney big and tall fit 2 front pockets 2 back pockets flat front partially lined straight leg hemmed wool/polyester dry clean only imported
The Down Chamber™ pillow, with its unique pillow-in-pillow design, offers all-natural comfort. With an inner core of springy, high-loft feathers wrapped in an outer layer of silk, luxurious down, you'll receive supportive, lofty comfort. The gusset allows for additional neck support so you can sleep comfortably. inner chamber of springy, True Loft™ feathers provides superior all-natural comfort and support outer layer of silky, soft down adds lasting cushioning and comfort 550 fill power 300 thread-count cotton cover is hypoallergenic medium support for stomach or side sleepers hypoallergenic Cotton cover; duck feather and down fill. Washable. Manufacturer's 4-year limited warranty. Assembled in America from imported fabric. Standard/Queen pillow: 20x28; 32-ounce fill weight King pillow: 20x36; 39-ounce fill weight Be sure to care for your investment with a pillow protector. It's an added layer of protection that will help keep your pillow clean and fresh.  
This soft, heart-melting Olaf costume surrounds your child like a warm hug for a memory-making look. includes upper piece and leggings hood with Olaf face long sleeves embroidered facial features back zip closure padded leggings: elastic waist polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Decadent lab-crated white opals are suspended from sterling silver, giving these heart dangle earrings a luxe look.  Metal: Sterling silverStones: Lab-created white opalBack: WireDimensions: 12x17.5mm long   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This sweatshirt gives you the comfort you love and a surprising hem style for modern appeal. cotton/polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
She'll look adorable in our tee, featuring a colorful graphic print of her favorite characters from Paw Patrol. crewneck short sleeves knit cotton/polyester washable imported
Whether he's running, jumping or playing, he'll stay cool and comfy in this jersey graphic tee from Nike®.  crewneck short sleeves dark gray heather: cotton/polyester all other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
Soft, warm and touched with sparkle, our embroidered fleece sweatshirt expresses just how you feel. mockneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Whether you're kicking it on the couch or hitting the streets, our jersey knit leggings—featuring a bright, fun print—are a perfect style choice. 28½ inseam charcoal silver: cotton/polyester/spandex other colors: cotton/spandex charcoal silver, black-gray glitter: washable other colors: machine wash, dry flat imported
He'll love wearing our bracelet watch, featuring a grass-green nylon strap, a frog on the dial and a red balloon on the second hand.  Brand: Red Balloon Dial Color: White Strap: Green nylon Clasp: Hook and loop Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50mm Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7 long; 16mm wide Model No.: W001474   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Have fun with chalk and keep your foods fresh and close at hand with these glass canisters featuring a chalkboard front label.   clear glass construction lets you easily view contents removable lids feature airtight gasket seals 3-piece set includes: small canister: 8.3H medium canister: 10.6H large canister: 11.8H Glass. Hand wash. Imported.
Slide into a casual style that looks as good as it feels in our must-have wedge sandals by St. John’s Bay. elastic upper 2 heel mesh lining foam sock cushioning flocked synthetic sole 
Whether you're working out or running—or heading to the coffee shop afterwards—our regular rise, slim-fit, straight-leg pants will keep you comfortable. tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin key pocket at inside waistband 32½ inseam jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported
Let your inner flapper take a walk on the dark side with this long, woven necklace. Mixed media black beads add subtle shimmer.   Stones: Black glass, mother-of-pearl and wood beads Material: Black cotton thread Length: 36 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Our tee is made from cotton and features a skull graphic and the iconic DC logo for a cool urban look.  crewneck short sleeves jersey 100% cotton hand wash imported
What it is:Formula X New Neutrals is a modern collection of neutral nail polishes in universally brilliant shades.What it does:These super rich neutral shades leave nails with a reinvented, minimalist mani. - The brush is designed to complement its highly pigmented formula, which achieves an even, precise application. - Infused with Formula X's patented No Compromise formulation, these lacquers offer long wear, saturated color, and ultra-shine. Infused with ShineXcel™, a fast-drying, luminescent ingredient that enhances color sheen and overall shine, they leave you with a smooth, flawless finish in no time.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is a three-free formulation. Size0.4 oz
true This compact washer from GE® fits just about anywhere you need, keeping laundry convenient and at home. With 8 wash cycles, intuitive one-touch controls and 7 water levels for optimized water and energy savings, this compact washer will make laundry easier, including some tight spaces.  2.6 DOE cu. ft. stainless steel basket resists rust and won’t chip Electronic one-touch controls with LED read-out 8 wash cycles: normal, soak, delicates, speed wash, heavy duty, hand wash, basket clean, wash/rinse and/or spin 7 water levels offer water and energy savings up to 680 rpms spin speed removes water efficiently and minimizes dry time 3 wash/rinse temperatures optional extra rinse Quiet-by-Design ensures quiet operation Made in America Note: In order for pedestals to be installed they must be purchased and delivered with the corresponding washer and dryer.shop matching electric dryer
Bring home all their favorite characters from the hit television show with this 6-piece figurine set.   set includes Taj, Treasure, Teacup, Berry, Pumpkin and Blondie for ages 3+ no assembly required batteries not required plastic imported     WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
With a nod to turn-of-the-century French style, the Elliot metal bed has a modern feel with timeless appeal. The classic silhouette is enhanced by the solid center panels, which are graced by detailed castings.    Metal Bed: a wonderful addition to any bedroom solid metal and tubular steel construction unique old rust finish available as a bed set or headboard Beds include headboard, footboard and rails. Headboards used alone without footboards require frames. Sold separately at jcp.com. Metal. Assembly required. Imported. Twin bed: 39¼78½x53H Full bed: 54¼x78½x53H Queen bed: 61¼x86x53H Full/queen headboard: 61¼x1¼x53H King headboard: 77¼x1¼x53H
The perfect fit for your active lifestyle, our performance capri pants with tummy control will have you feeling and looking slimmer. mid rise interior key pocket 1½ elastic waistband 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
This 10-piece nonstick cookware set—part of Trisha Yearwood's Precious Metals cookware collection—is designed to add Southern charm to your kitchen. The aluminum bodies heat quickly and evenly while the Thermalon healthy ceramic nonstick coating gives you the best food release for all your culinary creations. aluminum provides fast and excellent heat conduction Thermalon ceramic nonstick coating is PFOA, lead and cadmium free double-riveted for durability, the stainless steel handles add a touch of flare and comfort while you cook glass lid allows for easy monitoring of cooking foods without losing heat oven safe to 428°F 10 pc set includes: 2-quart saucepan with lid 3-quart saucepan with lid 5-quart casserole pan with lid 9½ skillet with lid 8 fry pan 10 fry pan Aluminum with ceramic coating and stainless steel handles. Dishwasher safe; hand washing recommended. Imported.  
Keep your nursery neat and organized with this colorful hamper—featuring foldable wooden frames and a removable mesh liner.   13x13x22H liner: cotton/polyester liner: washable wood: wipe clean imported
Villa della Luna by Pfaltzgraff® is a romantic dinnerware collection based on the book Dancing with the Moon. Each piece captures the magic and elegance of the grand Italian house with a past as old as the moon.   1½-quart vegetable bowl ideal for fruit, salads, vegetables, side dishes and more hand-painted dinnerware and accessories rustic shades of blue, melon, orange and green Coordinating dinnerware and accessories sold separately. Stoneware. Microwave- and dishwasher-safe. Imported.  
These Modern Series jeans from Lee feature a fabric blend that’s great for active guys, providing on-the-go comfort in a classic, straight-leg silhouette. big and tall fit zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling straight leg; 16¾” leg opening polyester/cotton washable imported
A heart-shaped cubic zirconia is the focal point of this sterling silver bypass ring.Metal: Sterling silverStone: Cubic zirconiaDimensions: 1.3mm wideGallery Height: 2.6mmJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Easy to mix-and-match, these capri leggings will keep her looking good all day long. cotton/spandex washable imported
A diamond cut white gold band sits in the middle of yellow gold sides, giving you hoops that can work with any attire. Made in America.   Metal: 14K two-tone gold Back: Hinged Dimensions: 15x15mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Put a contemporary spin on a classic junglethemed nursery with the Safari Chevron 3-piece crib bedding set from Trend Lab. adorable patterned jungle animals are featured in popular gray chevron and dots appliqued onto wonderfully soft white cotton 3-piece set includes: 35x45 reversible quilt fitted crib sheet (fits standard 52x28 crib mattress) crib skirt   sheet has 8 pockets with elastic surrounding the entire opening ruffled crib skirt has 13 drop quilt: 100% cotton, filling: polyester skirt: 100% cotton, platform: olefin fitted crib sheet- 100% cotton
A love that never ends. Capture this feeling with a ring inspired by the timeless infinity symbol. One loop is braided and the other is smooth for a unique look.   Metal: 14K rose gold Gallery Height: 2.3mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring an elegant, modern design, our full-coverage bra by Playtex boasts extraordinary shaping and support without the bulk.   full figure comfortable back-smoothing feature front adjustable straps sleek silver-tone front closure thin, seamless foam cups with underwire polyester hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #4911H  
An organic dimensional shape adds sculptural appeal and richness to gold over brass teardrop earrings. They’re as perfect with jeans as they are with your Sunday best.   Metal: 18K yellow gold over brassBack: WireDimensions: ¾ Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.   
Our St. John's Bay t-shirt is loaded with classic style that matches your effortless approach to dressing well. v-neck short sleeves misses: approx. 26 length petite: approx. 24 length 100% cotton washable imported
An exotic and intricately detailed elephant makes our fashion ring a fun choice for everyday style. Metal: Silver-tone metalOther: Stretch Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
From the classroom to just hanging out with friends, this versatile tee looks great in any casual setting.   crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
The short-sleeve style of this oxford shirt gives you a classic look that can keep you cool when the workday heats up.   short sleeves button front button down collar chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
With a skeleton-look dial and leather strap, this watch makes a lasting impression.   Brand: Geneva Dial Color: Black Strap: Black leather Movement: Quartz Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 19mm wide Model No.: 33467   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give him a modern look with these skinny-fit pants in soft, stretch fabric so they keep up with his active day. 5-pocket styling slim, straight design through seat and thigh adjustable waist zip fly and button closures cotton/spandex washable imported
These flat-front jeans—with double needle contrast detailing—are perfect for school or hanging out with friends.   slim, straight design through seat and thigh adjusts with hidden elastic 5-pocket styling button-and-zip closure cotton washable imported 505 and 549 fits are identical
Good style is all about building on the essentials—like our classic jersey knit turtleneck with ribbed trim. gold metallic, silver metallic: rayon/polyester/nylon/metallic other colors: rayon/nylon machine wash, dry flat imported misses: approx. 24½ - 26 length petite: approx. 23 - 25 length
Bring the essence of the Caribbean home with this vegetable bowl featuring gentle shades reminiscent of the beautiful sea that surrounds its namesake.   durable stoneware construction reactive glazed finish perfect for entertaining and everyday dining microwave safe 1-quart capacity Stoneware. Measures 9½ in diameter; 2¾H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
A must-have for entertaining, this sleek, curvaceous wine decanter is topped with a custom-etched, birch wood stopper.   clear glass body stopper can be engraved with a single block initial 67.6-ounce capacity Glass/wood. Dishwasher-safe decanter; wipe stopper clean with a dry cloth. Imported.
Give your bedroom a modern update with our comforter set, featuring interesting seersucker stripes in textured gray and off white to add dimension and simplicity, printed on 200-thread count cotton for a sleek, relaxing feel. seersucker stripe design on 200-thread count cotton comforter and decorative pillows: 100% cotton with polyester fill shams: 100% cotton full/queen: 88x92 king/cal. king: 104x92 comforter and shams: washable decorative pillows: spot clean imported 5-piece set includes: comforter 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full/queen set includes standard shams. King/cal. king set includes king shams. For best results, launder in a large-capacity front-loading washer and dryer. If the comforter set doesn't have free movement in the washer and dryer, a large-capacity commercial washer and dryer are recommended.
With pretty lace overlays over soft, cotton cups, our functional and feminine nursing bra is anything but basic. plush, satiny shoulder straps are front adjustable for comfort/support v-shaped neckline gorgeous lace overlays cotton-lined cups protect sensitive skin padded cotton nursing sling for support arched underband for comfort comfortable wireless construction easy one-handed nursing buckles cup lace: nylon cup lining: 100% cotton side/back lining: nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Designed with an energy-saving advantage, this patio door panel is the thermal version of our largest, most versatile drapery collection—Supreme.   finely slubbed, tightly woven fabric enhanced by an elegant, subtle sheen thermal lining reduces unwanted light and noise as well as lowers heating and cooling costs weighted corners 5 header, 3 bottom hem, 1 side hem 4 back tabs Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Rayon/acetate with polyester lining. Dry clean. Imported.  
Dazzle in elegant style with this rose-tone leather watch that looks great with any outfit. Brand: Liz Claiborne Dial Color: Rose Strap: White leather Clasp: Adjustable jewelry clasp Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 42mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 185 +/- 5mm long, 14mm wide Model No.: LC1243 Special Features: Durable ionic gold-tone plating Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
With compact construction ideal for small spaces such as a terrace or balcony, this lightweight rack is the perfect design for drying your clothes without taking up a lot of space.   high-quality aluminum construction two wings fold out naturally rust resistant fits discreetly behind the door or washer and dryer Aluminum. Measures 70x21.6x37H. Wipe clean. Imported.
It’s hard to find a better combination than the easy-pair possibilities of leggings and the coziness of corduroy.   skinny fit 5-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported
A personalized thermal mug is a great gift for yourself or others.   brushed stainless exterior with free monogram insulated to maintain temperature of both hot and cold drinks roomy 12-ounce mug imported  
With bright coral circles and silhouettes of Disney princesses, this adorable, reversible comforter set is sure to create a bedroom full of personality. microfiber, character-print pattern reverses to coral background with castles coordinating sheets sold separately measures 72x86 polyester with polyester fill washable imported
Soft and stretchy, our strappy bralette allows you to show off your fun strappy back details and it offers gentle support and comfort. scoop neck removable modesty pads seamless strappy back wide bottom band nylon/spandex washable imported 
From the soft, blended fabric to the banded hem, this easy-care, easy-wear polo makes your casual days more comfortable. easy care 3-button placket chest pocket banded hem polyester/cotton washable imported
Our ultra-flirty boykini panties in a soft cotton blend provide a sweet style that's all girl.   cotton/spandex washable imported
Keep her sock drawer stocked and her feet always comfortable in these fun animal-print socks. polyester/spandex washable imported
Add some dimension to your look with this eye-catching watch featuring a rubber strap made up of multiple pyramids. Dial Color: White Strap: Silicone Movement: Quartz Case Width: 38mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9½” long, 1-3/16” wide Model No.: RY5221JP Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Simply transform your look with in our beaded-encrusted Liz Claiborne slingback sandals. synthetic upper ⅞ heel height black: patent upper white: penalized upper elastic gore beaded ornament elastic gore rubber sole  
Dress to impress with this 1 ct. t.w. diamond ring, handsomely styled in a frame design of polished 10K yellow gold. Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K yellow gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Pavé Dimensions: 26¼x24½mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Revel in the beauty of this 10K white gold ring featuring a cushion-cut, genuine aquamarine flanked by a split band and ⅓ ct. t.w. shimmering diamonds.Metal: 10K white goldStones: ⅓ ct. t.w. diamondsOther Stone: 7mm cushion-cut genuine aquamarineDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Visually lengthen the look of your legs in our curvy-fit, bootcut pants, which sit at your waist and are comfortably fitted through the hip and thigh.   flat front zip fly with hook-and-bar closure 1 front welt pocket 2 back welt pockets with button closure polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 32 inseam misses short: 30 inseam misses long: 34 inseam
Give your casual and on-course layering a more sophisticated touch with this flat-back rib pullover with contrasting inner collar and leather-look pull. mockneck quarter zip with leather-look pull long sleeves left chest logo embroidery 100% cotton washable imported
The perfect pleated skirt for your little schoolgirl.   pleated polyester twill washable imported
At work or play, these cotton-rich socks feature a touch of stretch for all-day comfort. package of 3 pairs soft cotton blend for breathability better fit with spandex seamless toe reinforced heel and toe for durability cotton/polyester/rubber/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6½-12
A look with lots to love, this ring features a trio of heart-shaped genuine blue topaz flanked by sparkling diamond accents. A split shank crafted of polished 14K yellow gold over sterling silver lends the perfect finish.Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: 3mm, 5mm heart-shaped genuine blue topazOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: ProngGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Luxuriously soft leather shoe. Garment leather with a padded nylon lining.   padded collar with achilles notch for added comfort Zero G® technology comfort construction makes these shoes feel almost weightless Comfort Curve® sole flexes with your foot D(Medium) 2E(Wide) 3E(Extra-Wide)  
It's always time to play ball when you accent your look with our eye-catching sneakers featuring baseball inspiration. canvas upper breathable twill lining lightweight rubber sole
Increase your stowing capacity and comfort at the same time in these Lee cargo shorts with flex comfort waist. sits at waist relaxed fit flexible comfort waist zip fly with button closure flat front 10 inseam solids: cotton/polyester plaids: cotton washable imported
Embroidered and embellished back flap pockets add eye-catching flair to our flattering denim jeans. 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Delicate lace trim infuses feminine charm into our Ambrielle Natural Comfort super-comfy, cotton-blend hipster panties.   cotton/spandex washable imported Small: 5 Medium: 6 Large: 7 X-Large: 8 XX-Large: 9
Complete her look with this versatile vest, featuring a crocheted lace yoke and front panels and a hacci back. lace: polyester hacci: polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Our open-front crochet sweater with a slightly curved hemline is the perfect accompaniment to dresses or sleeveless tops. 21½ length acrylic machine wash, line dry imported
Our satin underwire bra features comfort straps and embroidered details to keep you feeling great while getting the support you need.  comfort straps underwire embroidered details nylon/polyester/elastane machine wash, line dry imported
This upholstered bed is available in a variety of fabrics and colors to mix and match with any bedding and uniquely personalize your tweener or teen bedroom. The headboard and bed are available as a pair or individually.  Upholstered Bed: monogram child's name or initials, up to 11 characters durable soft and big-dot cotton duck, denim, and vinyl and sparkle vinyl fabric padded fill and side rails for comfort Two metal legs attach to headboard, which fits most standard bed frames. Headboards are available separately and require frame. Complete bed includes headboard and padded side rails. Bed requires a boxspring and mattress, sold separately. Wood/foam/steel/cotton/polyurethane. Assembly required. Spot clean only. Made to order, in the USA with imported parts. Twin headboard: 41x4x51H Full headboard: 56x4x51H (Please Note: The size of the monogram lettering is dependent on the length of the name.)
Everything about this watch is designed and engineered to make it an essential piece of outdoor gear. Equipped with the smallest of sensors, it delivers higher reading accuracy and improved energy efficiency. Large side buttons and one-press access to a digital compass, barometric pressure, altitude and temperature data keep important information at your fingertips. A Tough Solar power system helps to ensure uninterrupted operation.   Brand: Casio Dial Color: Black Strap: White resin Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Bracelet Dimensions: 24.25mm wide Model No.: PRG300-7CR Special Features: Powered by light (natural and artificial) for a free and limitless power supply; stopwatch; calendar; 4 alarms; altimeter; compass; barometer; world time; low temperature resistant   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Inject some pizzazz into your look with these vivid-color shimmer teardrop earrings.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Light blue acrylic stones Back: Wire Dimensions: ¾x1½ long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Splashes of color and embellishments rock these strappy wedge sandals. fabric/synthetic upper fabric sole 2½ heel
All about creating comfort and durability for the active boy, our Chuck Taylor All-Star sneakers deck him out in sporty style.   construction canvas upper rubber sole   details lace up high top foam padding for extra comfort
What it is: An intensely pigmented, waterproof felt-tip liquid liner. What it does: Graphic liner looks took runways by storm at NYFW for Fall 2015. These liners can be applied like a traditional liner or used to create a dramatic look. Try drawing on a double wing or applying a single dot of color to your lower lash line for a trendy look that makes a statement. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens Suggested Usage: -Apply directly to the lash line using the felt tip applicator. Precautions: -If possible, store with the tip down to ensure the ink sits behind the applicator tip and doesn't dry out between uses. -Make sure the cap is closed tightly between uses. Size:0.019 ozIngredients:Water, Ammonium Styrene/Acrylates Copolymer, Butylene Glycol, CI 77266 (Carbon Black 2), Alcohol, Beheneth-30, Acrylates/Octylacrylamide Copolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Methylparaben, Polyglyceryl-3 Disiloxane Dimethicone, Propylparaben, Sodium Hydroxide, Ammonium Hydroxide, Disodium Edta, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Benzoate.
Set a stunning table with this 45-piece flatware set that provides a fun, fashion-forward look. 18/0 stainless steel organic overlapping circles are accentuated by an oxidized background service for 8 serving pieces included 45-piece set includes: 8 dinner forks 8 salad forks 8 dinner knives 8 dinner spoons 8 teaspoons serving spoon serving fork pierced serving spoon sugar spoon butter knife Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Metal: Sterling silverStones: Lab-created red rubies and white sapphiresNecklace Closure: Spring-ringNecklace Dimensions: 18 long cable chainPendant Size: 11x20.7mmEarring Back: PostEarring Dimensions: 9.5x12.1mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Your special occasion will be that much more special when you feel the confidence-boosting power of our striking high-low party dress. v-neck sleeveless built-in bra back zipper embellished waist high-low hem approx. 35-48½ length lined polyester professional spot clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.  
Short and sweet, our flats are designed for the women on the go. Their pointed toes add feminine elegance. synthetic upper embellished toe rubber sole
Make her bedroom or place space extra-special with a little help from Delta Children's colorful Disney princess book and toy organizer, featuring fabric bins and a two-tiered bookrack supported by a sturdy wood frame.   36x10.5x30.5H recommended for ages 3-6 assembly required MDF/wood/non-woven fabric wipe clean imported meets or exceeds all national safety standards and CPSC regulations
Our 2-in-1 duvet & coverlet set has a quilted top and button closure providing the option to use as a lightweight coverlet or fill with comforter to create a warmer bed. modern medallion print with vibrant warm tones versatile for all-season bedding polyester duvet cover: cotton/olefin/polyester/rayon fill; polyester-filled decorative pillows washable; spot clean pillows full/queen duvet: 90x90 king/cal. king duvet: 104x92 imported 4-piece set includes: duvet cover 2 shams one 16x16 decorative pillow Full/queen sets include standards shams. King/cal. king sets includes king shams.
Waves of rose gold over sterling silver wrap around the diamond clusters on this link bracelet that is oh-so-feminine.   Metal: 14K rose gold over sterling silver Stones: 1/10 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong Closure: Push lock with figure 8 safety clasp Dimensions: 8 long   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Perfect for placement on your countertop or bar, this sturdy wood wine rack featuring a compact design is perfect for holding several bottles of your favorite wine.   rich brown finish durable hardwood construction includes 4 pegs for stacking additional racks no assembly required Wood. Measures 19.09x10.69x15.75”H. Wipe clean with a dry cloth. Imported.
Bring the woods and your favorite drink wherever you go with this convenient tumbler and its realistic tree design. made from extremely durable, BPA-free Tritan™ material double-wall technology reduces condensation designed to keep beverages cold or hot longer freezer safe includes travel lid 16-ounce capacity Plastic. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
Bursting with blooms, these indoor/outdoor rugs will never wither away when the weather gets tough.   space-dyed fibers mold and mildew resistant hand-hooked construction highly durable polyester ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton/latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: No Care Instructions: Rinse off with hose Use: Indoor or outdoor Origin: Imported  
A touch of texture from this skinny scarf brings your look together. 11x30 acrylic/nylon hand wash, dry flat imported
Hang your cold-weather wear in style with the Woodbridge coat rack. Its fluted post tapers to four hand-forged antique brass textured hooks.   solid wood construction chestnut satin finish features finger joints 3 antique brass hooks for hanging coats, scarves and hats elegant Queen Anne legs are finished with detailed carving and hand-rubbed, gold-colored highlights 4 metal hooks for hanging coats, scarves and hats Measures 19x19x72H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Assembly required. Imported.  
This high-heel bootie has a perforated style plus a metal plate on heel and back zip for easy on/off. synthetic perforated upper 3.5 heel height 4 shaft height back zip metal heel plate rubber outsoles   CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Make your summer dresses work for you year round by throwing on this pair of heather leggings. solid 2½ wide waistband cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported  
Perfect for all things denim, these ankle boots offer the comfort of a chunky, stacked heel and a stylish weathered look. synthetic upper 2⅝ chunky heel rubber sole
Patriotic v-neck from i jeans by Buffalo makes a powerful statement while keeping your style soft and laidback. v-neck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Dive into beachside fun in our brightly-hued geometric print swimsuit from Robby Len by Longitude with a double X-back design and long torso styling, so the straps won't dig in and the back doesn't ride up. long torso tummy control panel molded soft cups partially lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
A hardworking shirt for men who work hard, this chambray shirt combines tough construction with good looks appropriate for the job site and after.   spread collar two button-flap pockets contrast stitching generous fit cotton/polyester washable imported
Just like the name implies, wear these loose-fitting, longer-length shorts for all your favorite activities and off-the-clock pursuits.   2 side pockets loose fit relaxed fit sits at waist 11” inseam polyester washable imported
A wave of white and champagne diamonds adds masculine sparkle to this 10K white gold band.Metal: 10K white goldStones: ¼ ct. t.w. round white and champagne diamondsSetting: ChannelDimension: 25x7.25mmGallery Height: 3.6mmDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Get ready for a weekend full of activity and adventure with these extremely comfortable and cushioned WW496 women's walking shoes. technology Cush+ midsole and Ultra Soft Comfort Insert provide cushioning construction synthetic/polyester upper rubber sole for durability details • breathable mesh upper
Punch up your sunny-day looks with pretty polka dots and pops of color. 100% UV protection shatter resistant polycarbonate lenses plastic frame imported Warning: this product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm
Keep your casual style crisp and easy with our brilliantly basic long-sleeve crewneck tee from St. John's Bay. approx. 28 - 29¼ length 100% cotton ivory gold: cotton/metallic fibers charcoal heather: cotton/polyester washable imported
Your day could be instantly happier when you wear these cheerful flower earrings.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: White acrylic stones Back: Wire Dimensions: 1x.8 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Create a fashionable layer for your exercise routine in our stretch-knit sports bra, featuring a flirty racer back. scoopneck polyester/spandex washable imported
Add a stylish, practical piece to any room with our storage ottoman, perfect for tucking away blankets or extra pillows. hand woven sturdy frame fully lined rush/wood 29x13x17H wipe clean imported
You'll be ready to hit the sand in comfortable style with the slip-on styling of our rhinestone-strap sandals. t-strap with elastic upper: polyurethane sole: thermoplastic/rubber spot clean only imported
Our Possibilities fabric furniture program gives you the freedom to create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement. Simply choose your fabric, then select your pieces from the versatile collection of Possibilities sofas, chairs, chaises, corner pieces, sleepers and more.   oak and plywood frame removable and reversible foam cushions removable feet Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester/linen blend; 92% polyester/8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 46x39x36H with 20H seat. Made in America of imported materials. All colors are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance. 
Show off your fun side with this microfiber sheet set in exciting patterns and colors.   soft microfiber fabric feels great easy-care, long-lasting construction fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 14 deep Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin XL: flat 66x96; fitted 39x80; pillowcase 21x32
Perfect for any Young Jedi, these cozy no show socks feature his favorite Star Wars characters. package of 5 graphic print polyester/spandex washable imported
Sports minded or not, you can rely on this watch with its easy-read digital format and secure colorful strap. Strap: Plastic Clasp: Buckle Case Width: 34mm Case Thickness: 13mm Bracelet Dimensions: 175mm long; 17mm wide Model No.: FMDJA104 Special Features: Stopwatch; alarm; backlight Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Designed with SmartDRI technology to keep your feet dry and comfortable, our thong slippers are made with breathable fabric so your feet won’t get too cold or hot. slip-resistant indoor/outdoor use moisture-wicking sock upper thermoplastic rubber sole machine wash, dry flat imported
Perfect your punctuality with this leather strap watch. An easy-to-read dial and accurate quartz movement means you'll always be on time.   Brand: Armitron Dial Color: Black Strap: Brown leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 48mm Case Thickness: 9.3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long, 22mm wide Model No.: 20/5021BKSVTN Special Features: Multifunction sub dials Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our vest features asymmetrical seams and stitching for a unique look. v-neck zip front face: polyurethane; backing: viscose; lining: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Our convection toaster oven does everything your full-size oven does but doesn't heat up the entire kitchen. Bake, convection bake, broil and toast in one handy appliance. fits 6 slices of bread or a 10’’ pizza toast, bake, broil and convection bake settings 2 rack locations for versatile cooking 4 stainless steel heating elements 1500 watts of power offers a short preheat time and holds an even temperature 60-minute timer with toast shade selector, stay-on setting, auto shutoff and signal bell includes bake tray, rack and crumb tray Metal/glass. Measures 17.05x11.10x9.72H. Hand wash removable parts. Wipe housing clean. Imported. 
It doesn’t get much more charming than these mugs and their lovable depictions of an adult rabbit, her baby and butterflies.   durable porcelain construction easy-grip handles each has a 12-ounce capacity microwave safe set of 4 Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
These colorful floral wedges will brighten up your day and your wardrobe. fabric upper 4” heel 1¼” platform ankle strap with adjustable buckle rubber sole
A timeless Irish sentiment. Crafted in stunning 18K yellow gold over sterling silver, this lab-created ruby and diamond-accent pendant necklace showcases a classic heart and crown design—representing love, loyalty and friendship.Metal: 18K yellow gold over sterling silverStone: 5mm heart-shaped lab-created rubyOther Stones: Diamond accentSetting: Prong and pavéClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long cable chainPendant Size: 20x24.5mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A symbol of your love—this lab-created sapphire and diamond-accent bracelet is a continuous circle of dazzle and shine. Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 6x4mm oval lab-created sapphires Other Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 7¼ long Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This beautiful Aurora tiara is a crowning addition to perfect princess style. combs for secure fit center Aurora cameo surrounded by rhinestones accented with faceted jewels and beads for ages 3+ ABS/PP/acrylic/nylon/polyester/epoxy/iron/paper wipe clean imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
Let the polished silhouette of our double-waistband trouser pants polish up your workday look. classic fit mid rise bootcut leg hook-and-bar zip fly closure non-functional pockets 33 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
The cushioned sole provides comfort while absorbing shocks, making these the durable socks you’re looking for.   ribbed cuffs arch support for a snug fit cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 13-15 fits shoe sizes 12-16 package of 3 pairs
Bold, black flower silhouettes against the colors of sunset create a sleeveless top, perfect for those warmer days. sleeveless round neck polyester/spandex/jersey washable imported
Whether she's headed to bed, out for a walk or enjoying a meal, she'll be adorable in our soft cotton layette set. includes hat, bodysuit, socks and bib long sleeves nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel snaps into a gown or legs foldover cuffs 3-layer bib bodysuit/cap/bib: 100% cotton socks: cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported
Look sharply sophisticated in this reversible belt with laser engraved buckle.   reverses from black to brown genuine leather 1 2/5 wide feather edge top stitched laser-engraved twist reversible gunmetal buckle imported more sizes: regular, big For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
These printed leggings add irresistible fun to everyday style. elastic waist gray: cotton/polyester/spandex other colors: cotton/spandex washable imported
Gold wedding band says forever with classic domed styling. 3mm wedding band in polished 14K yellow gold.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Width: 3mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our Stylus ankle jeans are exactly the right thing to wear when you want an updated, kicky look to go with your favorite new top. mid rise skinny jeans 5 pockets roll cuff 30½ inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
A smooth reactive glaze finish creates a look that is ideal for a rustic ambiance and casually-elegant table.   colorful, glazed design stackable and lightweight for easy storage smooth finish; reactive glazed finish makes each piece unique oven safe up to 350° in a conventional oven microwave safe 16-piece set includes: four 10¼ dinner plates four 8¾ salad plates four 22-ounce soup/cereal bowls four 12-ounce porcelain mugs Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Featuring elegant tapered legs and a dramatically upholstered bed with deep button tufting, this furniture set gives your bedroom ample storage and style. rubberwood and MDF construction with cherry veneers dark mink finish bed frame and case goods features glued dowel, rod and cleat joinery; rails attach to headboard and footboard with nuts and bolts headboard cushion filled with polyurethane foam and Dacron® foam platform bed design doesn’t require a box spring bed has a 793-pound weight capacity bed includes headboard, footboard, rails and 11 slats 3-piece set includes bed dresser mirror Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Imported. Queen bed: 67Wx86Dx58H King bed: 83Wx86Dx58H Dresser: 64Wx18Dx39H Mirror: 39Wx2Dx38H
The Converse Street Hiker is a twist on the classic sneaker but built for comfort and durability.   waxed canvas upper rubber sole higher collar line for protection from the elements rugged outsole for grip and durability closed eyelet vents to keep feet dry lace up 
Add pure cotton comfort to your restful retreat with our soft Cotton Classics sheet set.   200 thread-count cotton percale soft to the touch versatile colors fits mattresses up to 14 deep Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase(s) Twin set includes one standard pillowcase. Full and Queen sets include two standard/queen pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets include two king pillowcases. Cotton. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat 66x96; fitted 39x75; pillowcase 32x21 Twin XL: flat 66x96; fitted 39x80; pillowcase 32x21 Full: flat 81x96; fitted 54x75; each pillowcase 32x21 Queen: flat 90x102; fitted 60x80; each pillowcase 32x21 King: flat 108x102; fitted 78x80; each pillowcase 40x21 Cal. King: flat 108x102; fitted 72x84; each pillowcase 40x21
Relaxed and resort-ready, our crinkled button-front jacket blooms with a lively watercolor floral print and reverberates with matching floral texturing. mandarin collar 3/4 notch sleeves 2 front flap pockets with button closure polyester dry clean only imported
Bring out your feminine style in our sleeveless lace and crochet fit-and-flare dress. 35 length from shoulder lined lace-up back nylon/spandex washable imported
This quilted cotton throw has deep, saturated tones and contrasting bright colors for a Southwestern motif.  Soft and cozy, it reverses to a coordinating primitive diamond print for two distinctive looks.   quilted reversible fabric-bound edges prewashed preshrunk 50x60” cotton washable imported
This wrinkle-free dress shirt from Stafford is a perennial classic that matches equally well with denim to dress trousers.   matching big & tall web ID: 5312775 wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering button-down collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked more sizes: regular, athletic, big, extra tall cotton/polyester for comfort and durability washable imported
For a smooth look that doesn’t chafe and keeps you cool and dry in active situations, try these wicking slipshorts from Jockey’s Skimmies line. chafe-resistant design full coverage high rise sits at natural waistline fitted moisture wicking elastic/stretch knit waistband tagfree label seamless sides 6ʺ inseam breathable mesh panels nylon/spandex/cotton washable imported manufacturer's style # 2115
For the man who wants to make a bold statement with his jewelry, this comfort-fit wedding band in allover black stainless steel is the way to go.   Metal: Black ion-plated stainless steel Width: 8mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Perfect for students young and old, this desk and hutch provide a stylish, functional work area in any room of your hone.   solid hardwood construction dark ebony finish butt joint joinery 4 storage drawers with metal glides 2 large center storage cubbies with cable access Measures 42x24x39H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Imported. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. 
Power your workouts with our Xersion capris, designed to give you great performance and comfort. elastic waistband with key pocket quick dri no chafe seams 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Our curvy-fit, trouser-leg pants sit right at your waist, with no gaping in back, and a curved shape that's nipped at the knee to flatter full hips and thighs. zip fly with hook-and-bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front besom pockets 2 back faux welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported plus: 33 inseam plus short: 31 inseam plus long: 33 inseam  
Great coverage is the name of the game with our boots that keep you warm and dry, thanks to superior insulation and waterproof finish. A front zip entry means easy on and off. synthetic upper approx. 7½ shaft height front zipper entry waterproof Thermolite insole insulation plastic sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size. 
Our balconette sports bra provides the support to make your workout a winning experience. mesh detail in front crisscross straps polyamide/elantane hand wash, line dry imported
Sparkling to complement any pendant or outfit, this rope chain is crafted from 14K gold that's gone through a patented hardening process. It's exceptionally durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. It will also maintain its consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Hypoallergenic and nickel free.   Metal: 14K yellow goldClosure: Fish hookLength: 20 rope chainGauge: 14Thickness: 1.8-1.85mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Feel confident in our curvy-fit ankle pants thanks to the comfortable, stretch-knit fabric and front waistband. curvy fit slim leg zip fly with hook-and-bar closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back welt pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
What it is: A packette of self-tanning towlettes for face and body that deliver quick and even application with no streaking. What it does: In one easy step, these self-tanning wipes give your skin an even, natural glow. Fully saturated in a self-tanning DHA formula, they produce a uniform, natural-looking glow on the skin anytime, anywhere. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens Research results: In a consumer use test: - 76% reported application is streak-free - 77% reported skin is tanned from the very first use - 84% reported tan is even - 84% reported tan is natural looking - 83% reported tan is luminous - 74% reported the wipe delivers just the right amount of self-tanner - 76% reported that skin looks beautiful - 98% reported that the product is easy to apply Suggested Usage: -Apply to dry, clean skin in circular motion over face and body. -Wash hands immediately. Size:8 WipesIngredients: -DHA: A self-tanning active ingredient. -Glycerin: Moisturizes. Water, Butylene Glycol, Dihydroxyacetone, Hydrogenated Starch Hydrolysate, Glycerin, Phenoxyethanol, PPG-26-Buteth-26, Sodium Metabisulfite, Erythrulose, PEG-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Parfum (Fragrance), Ethylhexylglycerin, Sapindus Mukurossi Fruit Extract, Citric Acid, Magnesium Stearate, Caesalpinia Spinosa Gum, Biosaccharide Gum-1, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate, Linalool, Citronellol, Limonene, Geraniol.
Our boho chic shift dress is designed with a pretty print fabric and full bell sleeves trimmed in lace.  roundneck long bell sleeves lined polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Our beautiful hexagon shelf is finished with gold for a decorative and practical addition to your home. hanging hardware not included 3 shelves 27.75x8.25x24H painted iron wipe clean imported
This simple napkin set of 4 is perfect for everyday use or for entertaining guests.   great for entertaining coordinating placemats and tablecloth sold separately set of 4 Cotton. Machine washable/tumble dry cool. Measures 17x17 square. Imported.
Get a smooth, professional look in your tops while underneath prowls this animal-print t-shirt bra with attitude. full figure adjustable straps underwire polyamide/elastane machine wash, tumble dry or dry flat imported
Heavily etched to create a visually appealing texture, these double-hoop earrings offer plenty of versatile wear. Lead and nickel free.   Metal: Rose-tone metal Back: Hinged   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Your sunny disposition can only be matched by our beautiful fit-and-flare sundress.   roundneck sleeveless approx. 36⅝ length from shoulder rayon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Cute shorts in a stretch twill are just what the sun ordered. mid rise 6 inseam five-pocket style button/zip fly cotton/spandex washable imported
Enjoy the all-day comfort of plush cushioning with these sleek sneakers and their classic, casual design. construction nubuck upper rubber sole details lace up padded tongue and collar
Whatever your level of activity, our Endurance+ tankini swim top will provide light support, modest coverage and a smooth appearance.  thick straps soft cups polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Left Coast Roast takes you on a caffeine-fueled journey from Washington to Oregon to California, showing the impact roasters on the west coast have had at turning a morning cup of coffee into an all day obsession. They have redefined the experience of how Americans caffeinate, as you will see from the 55 key companies highlighted in this book. From the smallest roasters to iconic coffee shops like Starbucks, take the trip down the Pacific coastline as Hanna Neuschwander profiles the different backgrounds, history and styles of her favorite coffee shops.    highlights iconic companies and rapidly expanding shops that may become just as well known profiles contain information on how to visit and order beans for home brewing features notes on the different lingo, varieties, roasting basics and how to brew the perfect cup great gift for a coffee-obsessed friend or relative Paperbound; 296 pages. Made in America.
Cozy, comfortable and easy to wear, our microsuede indoor/outdoor slippers will be your go-to shoes for casual days at home.   synthetic microsuede upper Deer Stags patented S.U.P.R.O.® Technology features a high-density EVA footbed with Altron™ heel cushion for excellent shock absorption bumper protects toe from scuffing molded TPE insole sock microsuede fabric lining lacing embellishment durable fabric-covered thermoplastic-rubber sole
Our sandals are a warm-weather must-have look, featuring a snakeskin upper, an OrthoLite™ footbed to absorb impact with every step and open-cell technology for optimal breathability.  technology OrthoLite footbed absorbs impact with every step and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial open-cell technology for optimal breathability construction leather/synthetic upper EVA sole details 2 heel adjustable hook-and-loop closure open toe
Give your it girl comfy, fashion-forward style with these easy, colorful pajamas. includes top and long pants top: roundneck, short sleeves pants: elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Get warm-weather style effortlessly with our top, featuring a colorful floral print and fringe details at the armholes. roundneck sleeveless fringe details body: polyester/spandex side: polyester washable imported
Perform your athletic best with our swim shorts from Nike, featuring mesh side-panels for ventilation and a built-in mesh brief for comfort and support. elastic waist with lace-up closure built-in mesh briefs mesh panels at side lower leg pocket with Velcro® closure for secure storage side pockets with mesh pocket bag 9 inseam polyester washable imported  
Subtle slouch detailing and contrast topstitching lend urban-chic flair to our style-savvy knee-high riding boots. Also available in wide calf. faux-leather upper 1 block heel 15½ shaft height regular calf: 15 shaft circumference wide calf: 17 shaft circumference side-zip closure topstitching 4 buckle accents round toe faux-fur lining slightly padded footbed textured rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
These Muk Luks® Paul printed berber suede slippers are ideal for around the house, plus the occasional trip outside to the garage, grill or mailbox.   slip-on design suede upper cushioned polyester insole indoor/outdoor treaded rubber sole spot clean only imported  
A simple dose of embellishment elevates the iconic outline of our halter dress with an elegant beaded waistband and gathered neckline perfect for your special event. embellished waistband 36 length from shoulder knit polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Made with 100% comfortable cotton, our vintage polo will be a staple for your stylish warm-weather wardrobe. spread collar short sleeves 3-button placket regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
Get a little glitzy with these pumps featuring a glittering design and pointed toe to help you shine all night long. synthetic upper 4¼ heel chunky glitter design synthetic sole
true Let this microwave do the thinking for you. Simply enter the weight of the food, and the oven automatically sets the optimal defrosting time and power level. 1.6 cu. ft. capacity 1000 Watts 2-speed, 200- CFM venting system quickly removes smoke and steam from cooktop turntable rotates food throughout the cycle add 30 seconds button
Just like our regular-fit basic tee, this pocket-style version delivers all-cotton comfort in your choice of fresh colors.  shrink and fade resistant crewneck taped neck tag free comfort left chest pocket straight hem cotton washable imported
When you are on the go, leave it up to a pair of our solid cropped leggings to partner with you and your busy schedule.  23 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
More than a watch. There are so many practical features packed into this mens Timex® digital chronograph watch, it'll be your trusty companion on many adventures. Features include a 10-lap recall chronograph, gunmetal crown with orange accents, and comfortable black resin band.   Brand: Timex® Dial Color: Silver Strap: Black resin Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100 meters Case Width: 41mm Case Thickness: 12mm Bracelet Dimensions: 205mm long, 16mm wide Model No.: T5K607 Special Features: 10-lap recall chronograph, alarm, day/date display, stopwatch, and indiglo night-light Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These beanbag chairs are foam filled and exceptionally soft.   covered in strong, durable comfort Suede fabric double-stitched construction with safety zipper ideal for basements, dorms and bedrooms side placement for lounging or upright for back support available in a variety of colors Vacuum compressed for shipping. Simply remove from shipping container, toss to loosen foam. Reaches full size in 24 to 48 hours. Made in America.
An elegant addition to your bedroom's decor, our Toulouse Euro sham features a jacquard pattern with decorative trim.   jacquard design framed by crinkled purple fabric  ruched cord trim faux-silk solid fabric on back measures 26x26   Sold individually. Requires a 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Keep warm all year round with this hypoallergenic blanket featuring Cottonloft technology that keeps you warm when it's cold, but also cooler when it's warm due to the natural properties of cotton.   lofted cotton fill breathable fluffy, soft and warm 100% cotton fill and cover 240 thread count taped edge Cotton. Washable. Imported. Twin: 66x90 Full/Queen: 90x90 King: 110x90
Nature-inspired table lamp from Dale Tiffany dazzles with hand-rolled, hand-cut art glass in warm earth tones.   cone-shaped shade antique golden sand finish pull chains Resin/metal. Measures 18x27½. Shade is 8H. Uses two 60W bulbs, max. Wipe with soft dry cloth. Imported.
Our crossbody bag from Liz Claiborne features a boxy design and two handles—a shoulder strap and a flat handle—so you can carry it however you want.  flat handles, 4 drop nylon zipper closure polyvinyl chloride with polyester lining interior pocket 11x8.8x4D imported
true This Samsung Food ShowCase refrigerator provides easy access to all your go-to foods. Store drinks, condiments and other favorites in the exterior showcase door and larger food items in the InnerCase. Perfect for frequently used items, this refrigerator lets you easily organize your food by type or family member. ENERGY STAR® qualified automatic in-door ice maker maximizes freezer space makes up to 4.2 lbs. of ice per day and stores nearly 5.5 lbs. water filter: HAF-CIN/EXP Ice Blue Digital Display allows you to easily control settings at the touch of a button multi air flow cooling system maintains even temperatures Metal Cooling with stainless steel paneling helps maintain consistent temperature throughout the refrigerator 4 tempered glass shelves (1 slide-out) 2 crispers Food ShowCase bins (2 slide-out, 1 tilting, 3 fixed) 10.0 cu. ft. freezer capacity 29 cu. ft. capacity high-efficiency LED lighting delivers brighter, cooler and more energy-efficient lighting alarm alerts you when any refrigerator door is open more than 2 minutes 2-door side-by-side refrigerator with 1 fresh food door, one Food ShowCase fresh food door, one freezer door and external ice and water dispenser
Mix things up with the fun and functional Cake Boss 3-pc. mixing bowl set. Convenient pour spouts and handles make it easier to pour cake batters from bowls into baking pans, or to mix and pour sweet sauces made from fresh fruits or delectable chocolate.   crafted from sturdy melamine designed with convenient pour spouts and handles features attractive icing detail accents and different interior colors: red, pink and yellow rubberized bases help keep them stable on countertops 3-pc. bowl set includes: 1.8-qt. bowl 2-qt. bowl 3-qt. bowl Melamine. Top-rack dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Dotted with cubic zirconia, this silver-plated ring really stands out. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.   Metal: Pure silver-plated metal Stone: Cubic zirconia Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A flattering surplice neckline and side-wrap silhouette get sweetened with a mesh ruffle on our print swimsuit from Robby Len by Longitude, designed in a long torso style so straps won’t dig in and the bottom won’t ride up. long torso tummy control panel shirred solid-color back molded soft cups partially lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our classic fit St. John's Bay cropped pants feature a slimming tummy panel and comfortable fabric that's sure to add style to your relaxed wardrobe. zip fly with button closure classic fit straight leg rinse color: cotton/polyester/spandex all other colors: cotton/spandex washable imported
Our elbow-sleeve tunic will take the top spot on your weekend wear list, offering casual fit and sweater jersey comfort. scoopneck elbow sleeves 28 1/2 polyester/rayon washable imported
Grill any type of food just the way you like it with the T-Fal OptiGrill. Using automatic sensor cooking, the OptiGrill adapts cooking time to the thickness of any food.   Oprah’s Favorite Things 2015 6 cooking programs: burgers, poultry, sandwiches, sausage and pork, red meat and fish cooking indicator light changes from yellow to red to signify the level of doneness audible alert beeps when food is at rare, medium and well done frozen food function defrosts all types of food manual function lets you cook vegetables and your own personal recipes angled plates allow for easy fat release removable drip tray and grill plates for easy cleaning 1800 watts of power Removable drip tray and grill plates are dishwasher safe. Measures 18.8x9.8x15.8H. Imported. 
From playtime to school time, this soft, short-sleeve henley is always ready to make any casual look picture-perfect. henley neckline with 2-button placket short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
With ample pockets and a stylish look, these relaxed-fit cargo pants will suit his style perfectly. adjustable waist zip fly with button closure 2 front slit pockets 1 side flap pocket 1 bottom-right-side zipper pocket 2 back flap pockets flat front 100% cotton washable imported
        Comfortable, stylish and easily matched with all kinds of outfits, our short-sleeve screen-printed tee is perfect for your wardrobe. roundneck 26 length 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
Set a table that's casual but elegant with this 16-piece floral dinnerware set decorated in warm tones.   perfect for everyday use microwave safe 16-piece set includes: four 10½ dinner plates four 8 salad plates four 6½ soup bowls four mugs with 14-ounce capacity Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Just a touch, and the push-button pop mechanism on the lid of this 3-quart clear plastic container provides an airtight seal to keep your homemade cookies fresh.   3-qt. (12-cup) capacity large, circular opening for easy access pop-up button on lid doubles as a handle back sits flush for maximum storage capacity keeps cookies, pretzels, chips and other dry foods fresh also great for garage, sewing room or play room storage BPA-free Plastic/silicone. Measures 5x7½x8¼H. Hand wash. Imported.
Bring the inimitable style of Martha Stewart into your home with the gentle look of the heavyweight Fairmount Basketweave cotton curtain panel with a polyester/cotton lining. Available in a wide array of harmonious colors, it creates a warm, welcoming ambiance that invites friends and family to linger.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart reduce heating and cooling costs by up to 35%* 100% cotton with 80% polyester/20% cotton lining lined for enhanced weight and feel 3 bottom hem; 1 side hem MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at JCPenney Sold individually. Cotton with polyester/cotton lining. Dry clean only. Imported.  *Cost savings represent the relative cost of heating or cooling an area to account for heat lost or gained through a window. Savings reflect comparison to a bare single-pane window.
Flattering front shirring and classic girl-leg styling give our 1-piece swimsuit perfect poolside polish. soft cups fully lined nylon/LYCRA® spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our Foundry Supply Co. track jacket has a lightweight fleece lining to help layer warmth for those brisk, windy days. hip length 2 side pockets fleece lining polyester washable imported
These comfy thong sandals feature a buckle detailing. synthetic upper 1 heel slip on microsuede lining synthetic sole
The sterling silver bar on this simply stunning bracelet beautifully accentuates any look.  Metal: Sterling silverClosure: Adjustable sliderDimensions: 9” long adjustable box chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With a tiered skirt, lace bodice and  bright and fun print detail, this sleeveless patchwork dress is the picture of whimsy. roundneck back button closure bodice: cotton/polyester/spandex skirt: 100% rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Jazz up your everyday look with our cute bejeweled sandals complemented by a three-piece ankle strap. synthetic upper jeweled ornament synthetic rubber-blend sole
Gotham City will be cleaned up in no time when you've got our Batman flip flops.  nubuck/synthetic/nylon upper spot clean synthetic sole
Let her control how long her shorts are with the cute roll cuff on our knit Bermuda shorts.  zip fly and button closure 5-pocket styling roll cuff green: cotton/spandex other colors: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Bisou Bisou halter top is a figure-flattering highlight that you'll want to wear again and again. halter with keyhole sleeveless mid length rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Men's workwear jumpsuit is a short-sleeve, non-belted coverall from Parasuit that gives you comfort, quality and value when you need it the most. Men's workwear jumpsuit:  treated for stain resistance sized to wear over underwear full elastic-action back for easy-moving comfort short sleeves no-belt styling 2-way zipper polyester/cotton poplin washable made in the USA or imported of domestic fabric more sizes: regular, big NOTE: If waist measurement is larger than chest, order by waist size.
Stay true to your casual-chic style with our skinny ankle jeans for a modern take on a wardrobe staple.   slim fit mid rise 5-pocket styling shank button-and-zip closure shredded black: rayon/cotton/polyester/spandex  white: cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex cloud grey: cotton/viscose/polyester/elastane other colors: cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 27 inseam petites: 25 inseam talls:  29 inseam
Even while swimming he likes to show off his love for his favorite movie, Cars. This rashguard features Lighting McQueen and the number 95 on the front.   SPF 50 sunblock rating polyester/spandex washable imported
  Casual in canvas, these preppy slip-on boat shoes are ideal for laid-back living.   cotton canvas upper slip on with lace-up detail contrast stitching canvas lining textile/rubber sole
Enjoy breakfast in bed while wearing our soft-to-the-touch striped-trim robe from Mixit. front kangaroo pockets polyester washable imported  
Comfort and coverage are what make our Hanes ultimate cotton briefs your reliable daily favorites. package of 4 100% cotton washable imported manufacturer's style #40KU
Our two-piece special occasion tank top and full skirt will pull all eyes to you with lovely all-over lace appeal. 2-piece roundneck sleeveless zipper in back length: 14 top, 38 skirt nylon/rayon/viscose lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place. 
Effortlessly create a streamlined look with our flattering bi-stretch twill pants. front pockets back welt pockets button-and-zip closure 32 inseam woven bi-stretch black, biscotti, chocolate chip: cotton/spandex rinse: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Great for any number of occasions, this fun top will quickly become one of her favorites with its lace split back for an extra strip of unique style.  crewneck short-sleeve  cotton/polyester  washable imported
Our racerback tank top features a fun graphic print for the perfect warm-weather casual look. roundneck racerback 28.25 length polyester/rayon washable imported
Add color and warmth to any room with these rugs featuring a Jacobean-inspired print. The muted tones will go beautifully with almost any decor.   highly durable nylon slip-resistant latex back crafted and printed in America ¼ pile height; ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable Origin: Made in America  
Cuddle your little one in ultimate comfort with this plush micro velour blanket. 30x40 polyester washable imported
The perfect way to promise her your love is forever, she will adore this stunning genuine and color-enhanced blue diamond accent ring set in classic sterling silver.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Diamond accents Other Stones: Color-enhanced blue diamond accents Setting: Prong Some diamonds may consists of fewer than 17 facets. Some diamonds may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Jacobean Stripe oblong pillow adds classic style and elegance to your room.   soothing shades of green, blue, coral and ivory   pieced fabric with rice-stitched detail a perfect complement to the Jacobean Stripe quilt, sold separately measures 18x12    Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Create a splash this season with our vibrant Arizona bandeaukini swim top.   adjustable straps built-in bra partial lining nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
The classic shape of a sheath dress gets new life with our intriguing illusion cage top design. crewneck back zip 35 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
She’ll make a sunny-day splash in this high-neck swim top and coordinating swim bottoms. includes top and bottom top: high neck with mesh bottoms: briefs with neon ruched fabric on the sides nylon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported  
The search for the perfect pair of comfortable shoes is over with our T-strap sandals featuring Velcro® closure. construction synthetic upper strappy figure eight type design rubber sole details open toe memory-foam cushioned footbed Velcro self-adhesive closure for easy on/off
Chef Designs keeps it classic in the kitchen with a double-breasted, reversible chef coat styled with eight knot buttons.   reversible stand collar double-breasted 8 knot-button front left chest pocket vented clean-finish cuffs polyester/cotton washable imported of domestic fabric more sizes: regular, big, tall, big tall
This wicking, cotton-rich performance tee is your go-to for everything from workout days to weekends. climalite® moisture-wicking fabric crewneck left chest logo print short sleeves polyester/cotton washable imported
Add some flair to your wardrobe with our rolled and destructed Bermuda shorts. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 10 rolled to 8 inseam  cotton/spandex washable imported
A comfortable cotton feel and stylish graphic print make our IZOD short-sleeve tee a must for your warm-weather wardrobe. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable made in America
Our ankle pants feature a skinny fit and low rise, and are made from super soft fabric for a comfy look that pairs great with a variety of tops. button closure 5-pocket styling skinny fit low rise 27-31 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Oval hoop earrings are a must-have accessory with a look that'll go with just about any ensemble. Of polished 14K gold over sterling silver.   Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silver Back: Hinged Dimensions: 29.35x41.54mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give your warm-weather style a casual vibe with our screen tank top. roundneck approx. 27 length rayon washable imported
Our ankle pants feature a modern fit and tab waist for a sophisticated professional look. nylon zipper closure slim leg modern fit side pockets 26 inseam regular 25 inseam short 29 inseam long 25 inseam petites 30 inseam tall polyester/spandex washable imported
With a double teardrop of stationary stones that surround the moveable center diamond, this white gold necklace will bring a dazzling look to your day. Unique hinged setting allows the center stone to pivot within its frame, creating the effect of dancing light. The slightest movement brings these vibrant diamonds to life.   Metal: 10K white gold Stones: ½ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong and pavé Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 rope chain   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Store your earrings in a bee-utiful metal stand. It features three center rows plus a wired mesh face for holding earrings. 14x9½x5 iron imported  
You’ll catch him wanting to wear these shoes all the time, thanks to their cool Finding Nemo design. construction plastic/polyester upper slip-resistant rubber sole details self-adhesive closure removable sock lining
Perk up any outfit with this collar necklace featuring vibrant multicolor stones.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Multicolor stones Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 19 long cable chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Soft, stretchy and comfortable, these crew socks come in three different colors and patterns to keep your look interesting. designed to conform perfectly to feet classic toe seam rayon/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 8-12 package of 3 pair
Whether you’re traveling for a day or the weekend, this daypack gets your gear to your destination quickly and efficiently.   flexible softside design adjustable shoulder straps comfortable padded carry handle 3 front exterior compartments and 2 side exterior pockets 3 interior compartments padded computer compartment fits most laptops up to 17 hook allows you to attach extra gear Polyester. Measures 13x7x20H; weighs 3 pounds. Spot clean. Imported.
Confidence builds determination. You'll have plenty of both with these rugged work boots featuring a waterproof design, composite safety toe, breathable design, gusseted tongue and variety of other worksite-minded features. construction full-grain leather/textile upper moisture-wicking lining oil- and slip-resistant rubber sole details lace-up entry waterproof, breathable bootie fully gusseted tongue compression-molded, impact-absorbing midsole heavy-duty toe guard and molded heel guard protective ankle impact zone and heel brake zone removable sock lining sturdy ASTM/EH-rated composite toe
This Despicable Me backpack features a huggable low-pile plush body with embroidery and print. top handle adjustable shoulder straps zip pocket compartment polyester PVC vinyl details wipe clean with damp cloth imported
Just because it's a casual day doesn't mean she can't look her best with this cute denim skirt featuring a flat front and relaxed fit. elastic waist cotton/polyester washable imported
Tapered legs for a closer fit and an elastic waistband make these pull-on scrubs a comfortable and fashionable addition to your uniform. elastic waist slash pockets cargo pockets tapered leg 33½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
An updated version of the classic drifter, our high-top boots complete his cute look while their cushioned insole provides all-day comfort. nubuck upper lace up rubber sole
You'll shine like a diamond in these peep-toe pumps featuring elegant strap detailing and a shimmering overlay. polyester upper approx. 4 heel ¾ platform metallic upper design composition leather sole
Our BELLE + SKY™ bodycon skirt has an all-day comfort that will easily take you from work to play in perfect style. slim fit elastic waist approx. 26½ length rayon/nylon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Known to be 50% faster than other models, this toaster delivers efficient, perfectly toasted bread with its extra-wide slots. extra lift to easily remove toast, bagels or other pastries wide self-centering slots automatically adjusts to size for even toasting variable thermostat allows 7 shade settings swing down crumb tray bagel, frozen and cancel button options 11.22x7.7x8.66H stainless steel housing wipe clean imported
Get out of your old rut and get into this ¾-sleeve sweatshirt with style. regular fit crewneck 3/4 sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring a cork-like platform, these sky high heels will have you walking tall. synthetic upper 4⅛” heel ⅞” platform ankle strap with adjustable buckle rubber sole  
Classic, 5-pocket denim holds its own against cold-weather working conditions, thanks to a warm, polar fleece lining. prewashed for softness, shrink resistance sits at waist original fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling straight leg shell: cotton lining: polyester washable imported
The classic charm of our fit-and-flare dress gets an update with vibrant, bold stripes. scoopneck sleeveless exposed back zipper belt included 36¾ length from shoulder polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Our throw features the Hufflepuff crest from Harry Potter in a print that's perfect as a wall hanging, room accent, bed covering or throw blanket. • woven throw with fringe details• 48x60• polyester• washable made in USA
A comfy performance fabric lend easy-to-wear comfort to our active capri pants for any on-the-go look. active performance bi-stretch fabrication features a cooling & wicking technology zipper detail front pockets twill tape & grommet detail on bottom hem button-and-zip fly closure 20 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
What it is: A sleek, travel-friendly, professional-quality skincare brush with three speeds and an array of products to produce smooth, clean, and beautiful skin. What it does: It's time to think beyond the washcloth and elevate cleansing to a sonic level. Clarisonic's patented sonic technology gently removes the impurities traditional cleaning methods leave behind, cleansing six times better than your hands alone. In just 60 seconds, its sonic action removes impurities from pores so that creams, serums, and moisturizers are more effective. And with regular daily use you'll notice a reduction in dry patches, oily areas, and blemishes. Clarisonic Mia 3 infuses sonic cleansing with a harmonic blend of function and form. Sleek, modern, intuitive, Mia 3 sings with three speeds, a real-time battery-life indicator, USB-enabled pLink charger, and a drying stand that converts to a charging station when coupled with the pLink charger. This set contains: - Mia3 (Aria) cleansing device - Device stand - Universal charger - Sensitive brush head attachment What else you need to know: Clarisonic has the power to remove 30 times more age-accelerating pollutants than manual cleansing. Suggested Usage: -Prior to the first use, charge the Clarisonic handle for 24 hours. -Remove eye makeup by hand. -Wet your skin and the brush head with warm water. -Liberally apply cleanser to your skin or to the brush head. -Push the on/off button to turn your Clarisonic on and gently move the brush using a small circular motion, beginning on the forehead, then moving to the nose/chin area and the cheeks as the T-TIMER prompts. -Pressing too hard will impede the motion of the brush and reduce its effectiveness. -The outer brushes are designed to contain any residual mist from the brush oscillation, so be sure to hold the brush head flush to your skin. -The Clarisonic handle is waterproof and may be used in the shower or bathtub. -For best results, replace your Clarisonic brush head every three to four months. -Get a separate brush head for each user. -Using the Clarisonic to remove makeup may stain the bristles, but will not affect performance. -If discoloration occurs, clean the brush head with soap and water.
A solid choice for comfort and style, our versatile scoopneck T-shirt has a multitude of accessorizing options. scoopneck short sleeves approx. 27 length rayon/polyester trim: rayon washable
A spacious design and unique accents make this hobo bag perfect for any occasion. top handle, 10¼ drop magnetic snap closure synthetic 2 exterior zip pockets 3 interior slip pockets and zip pocket 12½x13¼x4¾D imported
A glossy glaze and scalloped rim add a fun feel to this oversized dinnerware set that includes enough pieces to set the table for everyday dining or a special dinner party.   adds a layer of texture to your place setting generous size is perfect for small or large parties microwave safe service for 8 50-piece set includes: eight 10½” dinner plates eight 7¾” salad plates eight 6” cereal bowls with 22-ounce capacity eight 4½” fruit bowls with 8-ounce capacity eight 3½” dip bowls with 3-ounce capacity  eight 12-ounce mugs one 9” serving bowl with 60-ounce capacity one 8.75x12” serving platter Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
With faux-leather sleeves and a hooded layered look, this jacket gives you a unique casual style that is sure to stand out. midweight water resistant long sleeves hooded zip front exterior front pockets ribbed cuffs and hem polyester/other fibers spot clean imported
A black onyx is the perfect foil to the three subtle hues of Black Hills Gold® found on this beautifully dramatic cross pendant.   Metal: Tri-tone 10K gold with 12K leaves Stone: 16x12mm oval black onyx Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 chain Pendant Size: 15.06x20.32mm Gemstones may be treated andmay require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Step up the prep on any outfit with this plaid, pre-tied bow tie from IZOD. pre-tied bow tie polyester spot clean imported
The John Frieda Hot Air Brush features advanced ionic power and gives volume and shine to your hair.   spin brush 2-in-1 dry and style with one simple tool advanced ionic conditioning enhances manageability and leaves hair healthy, smooth and shiny with less frizz true ceramic heater ceramic titanium coated barrel 1½ barrel 500 watts 15-second instant heat-up heats up to 455°F LCD temperature control 2 heat settings plus cool setting auto-off professional-length swivel line cord Plastic housing with ceramic coated barrel. Wipe clean. 5-year limited manufacturer's warranty. Imported.
Supreme comfort and fun invades bedtime with this cozy fleece union suit, featuring an allover sublimated Storm Trooper print and attached hood. relaxed fit attached hood zip front long sleeves long leg with cuffed bottom polyester washable imported
For a classic look that you can sport year-round, nestle into our polo shirt's breathable piqué cotton knit with hint of stretch-appeal. flat knit collar fits closer to the body button-front half placket approx. 25¼ - 27¼ front length cotton/spandex washable imported
A trio of genuine purple amethysts makes up this stunning pendant necklace, captivating from all angles.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 5mm and 6mm round genuine amethysts Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long cable chain Pendant Size: ⅞ long   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Florsheim Regent dress boots in soft, supple kidskin leather. Side zip for quick and easy on/off. Extra Wide is equivalent to Wide for our Florsheim shoes.   leather upper quarter 1¼ heel height 7 shaft height  side zip top seaming cushioned leather lining synthetic sole
Taking traditional cues, our wok has a flat bottom for easy stir frying on any type of range.  oven-safe to 450°F triple layer PFOA-free nonstick for lasting release hard-anodized aluminum for even heating stay-cool cast stainless steel handle dishwasher safe made in America
Take cover from the wind and showers in lightweight comfort with this versatile nylon jacket from Dockers. adjustable attached hood with drawcord and toggles mockneck zip front with chin guard 2 zip handwarmer pockets 2 interior pockets long sleeves adjustable, self-adhesive cuffs adjustable, drawcord/toggle hem shell: nylon body lining: cotton/polyester sleeve lining: polyester washable imported
Featuring faux-leather panels and flexible design, our softshell moto jacket offers a chic approach to cold-weather days. detachable hood zip front 2 zippered side pockets 34 length from shoulder black and ivory: polyester/spandex shell face; polyester shell back heather gray: polyester shell dry clean only imported  
The perfect foundation for a variety of looks, our seamless jersey cami can be worn as a layer or alone. nylon/spandex washable imported
Add timeless shine to your everyday looks with these textured sterling silver hoop earrings.Metal: Sterling silverBack: HingedDimensions: 55mm diameterJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Make the most of your swim wardrobe with our versatile solid-color hipster bottoms that will coordinate with almost any swim top. nylon/LYCRA® spandex hand wash, line dry imported 
You're certain to appeal to the masses in our textured knit bodycon dress with mesh insets at the sides and a statement necklace. exposed back zipper 34 length from shoulder polyester/spandex lined hand wash, line dry imported
Comfort and style collide to make these knit-waist, cropped jeans a casual style favorite. elastic waist with faux drawstring coin pocket 2 back pockets 2 faux front pockets cuffed hem cotton/spandex washable imported
Multi-functional pockets and a loosely fitting waist make this v-neck scrub top ideal for long work days. v-neck junior fit empire waist short sleeves princess seams side vents front patch pockets 26 center back length cotton/polyester washable imported
Our ultra-breathable and lightweight Revolution 2 running shoes from Nike will have you ready to take your workouts by storm.   technology  articulated full-length Phylon midsole provides lightweight cushioning construction mesh/leather/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up waffle-pattern tread outsole deep flex grooves for a more efficient, natural range of motion strategically placed supportive overlays
If your sweetie likes to be unique, she may like this solitaire tanzanite sterling silver ring as her engagement ring.  Metal: Sterling silverStones: 4x6mm oval genuine tanzanite   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Colorful beading give these sandals a funky look to upgraded your everyday look. synthetic upper adjustable ankle strap hand-beaded upper rubber sole
  Our Arizona brown belt nicely pulls together any wardrobe ensemble.   synthetic leather/polyurethane imported
With advanced cushioing technology and a smooth leather design, our versatile slip-on shoes from the Hush Puppies Soft Style offer a comfortable fit for everyday life.   technology HPO2Flex® technlogy for cushioning construction leather upper synthetic sole details 1¼ heel slip on twin gore for easy on/off breathable, anti-microbial sock cushioned insole synthetic lining M(B-medium) W(D-wide) Soft Style® is a Hush Puppies Company
She'll love wearing our comfy cotton tee featuring a colorful graphic print of Belle from Disney's Beauty and the Beast with gold glitter details. short sleeves glitter details 100% cotton washable imported
The marriage of small circular links with larger oblong ones gives this hollow Figaro-style chain bracelet a well-balanced look. Maintaining its consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years, this 14K yellow gold bracelet is also more durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking due to a patented hardening process. Hypoallergenic and nickel free. Made in Italy.   Metal: 14K yellow goldClosure: FishhookLength: 8½Thickness: 7.2mmGauge: 150 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Old-world style meets modern technology on this English-striped polo, featuring moisture-wicking fabric and mesh accents for ventilation.   flat knit collar 2-button placket left chest logo polyester washable imported
Entertain guests at your next dinner party with this electric fondue maker. Whether it's cheese or chocolate, it's sure to be a hit. use to make a variety of cheese or chocolate fondues includes 6 forks for serving delicious BELLA recipes included 9.65x7.09x12.72 metal/plastic fondue pot, fork ring and fondue forks are dishwasher safe imported
Start your day seamlessly in our bonded hipster panties from Ambrielle. nylon washable imported Small: 5 Medium: 6 Large: 7 X-Large: 8 XX-Large: 9
Let his fun personality shine in our long-sleeve woven plaid top. long sleeves button-front pocket detail 100% cotton washable imported
Toss this bold floral-patterned pillow on your chaise lounge or in your patio seating area for a pop of color. It's water repellant and fade resistant, making it the perfect accent piece for your outdoor living space. fade resistant water repellant polyester with polyester fill spot clean 17x17 filled and finished in America with imported materials
Not just for meatloaf, the Rachael Ray Oven Lovin' 9x5 loaf pan is your best kitchen tool for baking banana breads and casseroles.   extra-wide handles for confident grasp comfortable silicone grips add splash of color long-lasting nonstick inside and out oven-safe to 500°F Measures 6¼x12¼x3¼H.  
No more stalling in the morning—this earring and necklace set, in a variety of styles, makes it easy to accessorize. Set includes three necklaces and three pairs of earrings.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Earring Back: Friction Necklace Closure: Lobster clasp Necklace Dimensions: 18 long chain with 3 extender   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A must-have for all beer connoisseurs, this personalized beer growler protects the nuances of your preferred craft brew.   earthy, amber-toned glass construction easy-to-carry handle removable screw-top lid can be engraved with a single block initial 64-ounce capacity Glass. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
Our performance polo has the preppy style he knows and loves with breathable fabric that's perfect for afterschool sports. spread collar short sleeves 2-button placket polyester washable imported
Our flyaway cardigan is the perfect layer to keep you comfy for cooler weather. approx. 19 - 21 front length acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
For an outdoor picnic or festive indoor meal, brighten up any gathering with this set of space-saving, stackable goblets from Zak Designs.   all-purpose stemmed glasses each goblet has an 8-ounce capacity set of 6 Acrylic. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
As bright as platinum but harder so it lasts as long as your marriage, this cobalt ring has subtle beveled edges and a satin center. Comfort fit. Made in America. Metal: Cobalt Width: 6mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
An allover Fair Isle-inspired print gives our thermal T-shirt fresh flair that goes well with both knit pants and jeans. cotton/polyester washable imported
Embrace the latest look in casual wear with our Bermuda shorts embellished with embroidery and designed with stretch fabric. midrise zip fly with button closure 10½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Celebrate her love of everything Star Wars with our lovable R2D2 tee. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
true Save time, effort and your energy bill this this powerful gas dryer. Multi-Steam technology provides flexible steaming options to remove wrinkles, odors and bacteria from clothes, making it perfect for everything from button-downs to baseball tees. ENERGY STAR® qualified 7.4 cu. ft. capacity lets you do more laundry in each load knob control and LED display Multi-Steam™ Technology lets you easily remove wrinkles, odors, bacteria and static from your clothes 15 drying cycles with Moisture Sensor that adjusts drying time based on when clothes are dry to save energy 5 temperature settings child lock feature prevent unintended use Vent Sensor™ detects problems and reminds you when you need to clean your vent Smart Care lets you troubleshoot appliance problems from your smartphone patented Eco Dry technology can help save up to 25% less energy with every load dryer rack allows you to place your special-care items in an area to dry without tumbling reversible door makes it easy to load and unload laundry for your convenience
The standout style of these vintage dye effect shorts will make them a fast favorite on warm-weather days. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling rolled cuffs 2½ inseam tie-dye shorts: cotton/polyester/spandex dip-dye shorts: 100% cotton washable imported
Achieving professional results at home is now much easier with this Conair haircut kit. powerful DC motor produces 50% more cutting power 5-position taper control clipper diamond-sharpened carbon steel blades UL listed Set includes: 9 comb attachments including: ⅛, ¼, ⅜, ½, ⅝, ¾, ⅞, left and right ear barber cape neck brush barber scissors barber comb blade guard cleaning brush lubricating oil 3 styling clips deluxe hard storage case instruction booklet in English and Spanish Plastic with stainless steel blades. Measures 6¼x3¼x10¼H. Wipe clean. Imported.  
Slice your own meat, cheese, bread, vegetables and fruit quickly and easily with this high-quality meat slicer.   aluminum alloy housing strong 200W gear motor slices frozen food (up to 4mm thick) variable thickness adjustment makes it possible to slice from 0-1/2 thick large, multipurpose 7½ serrated stainless steel blade handles a wide range of food sizes and shapes stainless steel carriage nonslip rubber feet Stainless steel/aluminum/plastic. 17x12½x11½H. Imported.
The Lux Sateen dress shirt from Van Heusen brings fresh color and easy-care convenience to your favorite suits and sport coats. wrinkle free spread collar with permanent stays button front French placket left chest pocket long sleeves adjustable button cuffs shirttail hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Add some cool to the Christmas sweater look with a snowman made of buttons and pompoms on the front of our ribbed-trim tunic. 29 length acrylic washable imported
For a convenient and portable place for baby to nap or play, this playard easily goes where you go. Transitions with your child as they grow.   napper cuddles baby for a more secure feeling changing table is a time-saving convenience removable, full-size bassinet toy bar with soft toys push-button fold for dismantling in seconds wheels for easier moving mesh on sides provide maximum ventilation includes carry bag for portability 40x28.5x33.25H changing table and bassinet are for babies under 15 lbs. napper is for babies under 3 months and unable to roll over playard is for children under 35 tall and unable to climb out assembly required; instructions included polyester/cotton spot clean; machine washable carry bag imported
Slip on our zip-front French terry jacket with stripes down the sleeves for sporty comfort any time of the year. shirred kangaroo pockets approx. 24¾ - 26¾ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Absolute fitted knee tights from Champion wick away moisture to keep you comfortable and dry during your toughest workouts, runs and sporting activities. tight fit moisture management technology chafe-resistant flatlock seams 17 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Featuring slight imperfections and textures due to the fact they’re individually formed and crafted by hand, these glasses are a unique way to enjoy your favorite adult beverage.   unique hand-blown design 14-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Step up your style with this purple leather strap watch and its dial adorned in an assortment of shoes. Packaged in a box for easy gift giving. Made in America.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Purple leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 38.1mm Case Thickness: 3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 10 long; 16mm wide Model No.: U-1010005 Special Features: Scratch-resistant glass   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Get the convenience and help of another set of hands with our laundry butler, which can hold your wet or dry clothes, laundry supplies or folded laundry. heavy-duty wheels two wheel locks chrome wipe clean 20.75x25.5x20.3H assembly required; tools included imported
A pointelle yoke delicately highlights the neckline of our short-sleeve sweater shell, so it looks as lovely on its own as it does under a jacket or cardigan. acrylic washable made in America
Our Made for Life t-shirt will become an favorite in a heartbeat and the shirt you pull on again and again. v-neck short sleeves approx. 27 length polyester washable imported
Featuring a soft microfiber terry upper, our quilted clog slippers offer all-day comfort. polyester upper machine washable waterproof slip-resistant indoor/outdoor rubber sole  
Our dress features a brightly colored knit bodice and an attached chiffon skirt in a colorful print, making it the perfect addition to your warm-weather wardrobe. roundneck sleeveless side zipper 53 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Go the extra mile in this moisture-wicking performance hoodie, featuring stretch panels for comfort during extreme activity. Microtech® technology wicks away sweat to help keep you dry Lat. 360 stretch fabric moves with you attached hood mockneck zip front with chin guard vertical chest pocket 2 zip hand pockets shell: polyester hood lining/side panels: polyester/spandex washable imported
Give your style more sole with this righteous Vans logo tee, featuring colorful front and back graphics. crewneck short sleeves cotton washable imported
Our comfortable cotton polo provides a timeless everyday look that works in any wardrobe. spread collar 3-button placket short sleeves side vents 100% cotton washable imported
Jet set your way to an awesome look in our twill drawstring flight pants with zipper pockets and ribbed elastic cuffs. 2 front slant, 2 side flap and 2 back pockets 27 inseam polyester washable imported  
The Nesco 6-quart pressure cooker has everything you need to make delicious meals fast. It can pressure cook, slow cook, brown, steam and warm—all in one convenient appliance. Pressure cooking preserves flavors and nutrients and speed cooks inexpensive cuts of meat into great-tasting meals. stainless steel body and lid removable nonstick cooking insert self-locking lid with automatic pressure release programmable with presets delayed start up to 8 hours slow cook up to 9½ hours cool-touch lid and handles includes cooking rack/trivet 6-quart capacity AC. Stainless steel. Measures 12.6x12.6x18.2H. Cooking insert is dishwasher safe. Imported.  
This polo provides great styling and maximum comfort at the office or playing hooky on the golf course. cotton/polyester washable imported
Classic Chuck Taylor All Star high tops offer durable canvas fashion at a great price.   canvas upper bears the original Chuck Taylor patch logo sturdy styling for long-lasting wear padded footbed cushions your little one's feet with every step vulcanized rubber sole and toe cap for durability and superior traction  
Snuggle up and sink into a good night's sleep with this luxuriously soft flannel sheet set that’s designed to keep you cozy all year long. soft, plain-woven cotton flannel fits mattresses up to 15 deep Set includes: fitted sheet flat sheet pillowcase(s) Twin and Twin XL sets include one standard/queen pillowcase. Full and Queen sets include two standard/queen pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets include two king pillowcases. Cotton. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 68x98; fitted sheet is 40x77; pillowcase is 32x23 Twin XL: flat sheet is 68x104; fitted sheet is 40x82; pillowcase is 32x23 Full: flat sheet is 82x98; fitted sheet is 56x77; pillowcases are 32x23 Queen: flat sheet is 92x104; fitted sheet is 62x82; pillowcases are 32x23 King: flat sheet is 110x104; fitted sheet is 80x82; pillowcases are 42x23 Cal. King: flat sheet is 110x104; fitted sheet is 74x86; pillowcases are 42x23
Mix and match your everyday solids with this herringbone-striped French cuff dress shirt, featuring a soft cotton fabric that stretches for comfort. only at JCPenney mechanical stretch fabric (woven to stretch without spandex) spread collar button front long sleeves side pleat back adjustable button cuffs rounded hem 100% cotton washable imported
Have some fun under the sea and the dry off with this Disney Collection Dory towel.       30x60L     cotton     washable     imported     Care tip: Some lint may be observed in the first few launderings of towels, and will diminish with each subsequent laundering. This does not affect the look, feel or performance of your towels. Please follow the recommended care instructions on the label and keep the lint trap clean on your dryer.
This AirScape Lite medium canister is a revolution in food storage. The patented inner lid forces air out of the compartment, away from food and locks it out. The absence of air in your kitchen canisters limits the amount of oxidization and bacterial growth that can occur, thus preserving the contents. patented valve forces air out, then locks the lid in place made from a durable, BPA-free plastic durable construction resists scratching and staining stackable to save space though originally designed for coffee storage, it's also perfect for tea, flour, sugar, spices, cereal, seeds, nuts, cookies and so much more Plastic. Measures 4½x4½x7H; holds approx. 1 pound of coffee. Canister is dishwasher safe; hand wash inner lid. Imported.  
Our easy-to-clean cotton hamper is a great way to store your little one's dirty clothes.  26x16½x15H wood frame 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
Our cute v-neck sweater with desirable dual-texture styling will have you looking for reasons to get out of the house. approx. 28-30 length body: cotton/viscose/nylon trim: polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Silver-tone stitching steals the show on the front of this decorative pillow featuring an apple green and white background.   knife-edge finish measures 16x12 Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
This easy-match cotton poplin from Claiborne offers the color and comfort you love in an everyday favorite. point collar button front short sleeves side pleat back slightly rounded hem cotton washable imported
Add a touch of sophistication with our cotton napkins that are perfect for any décor or tabletop. coordinating tablecloth and placemats sold separately set of 6 100% cotton each napkin measures 18x18 washable imported
Hit the greens in our ottoman polo, featuring moisture-wicking DriFlux fabric to keep you cool and dry, MotionFlux seams that define the range of motion and a SunFlux50 design to protect your skin from the sun's harmful rays.  3-button front polo with spread collar short sleeves bottom side vents MotionFlux seams that define range of motion DriFlux fabric for moisture absorption and control for cooler, drier comfort SunFlux50 protects your skin from the sun's harmful rays regular fit polyester washable imported
A stackable wine rack gives you a place to keep those extra bottles so you’re always ready for company and can have a variety to choose from.    stacks horizonally or vertically can be mounted on the wall for a fantastic bottle display made from bamboo, one of the world’s most renewable resources Imported. 
Full-figure Bali® Satin Tracings® underwire minimizer bra shimmers with smooth satin and subtle pattern.       reduces bust up to 1¾ rigid, tone-on-tone patterned cups cushioned, back-adjustable stretch straps nylon/polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported of domestic materials manufacturer's style #3562
Flaunt your favorite reptile with these turtle stud earrings crafted of sterling silver. Metal: Sterling silver Back: Friction Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
These jeans provide a good looking fit with the sturdy design that you've come to expect from Dickies. slim fit bootcut flat front 4-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported
Who says you can’t have any fun with a button-front shirt? With Star Wars characters designed into the shirt, you can let out your inner-jedi at work. button front button collar chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported  
Give her the gift she really wants - to feel like a big girl in our adorable sandals with just the right heel height.   polyurethane upper adjustable buckle strap 1½ heel thermoplastic rubber sole
Glam up your look with the lacy embroidery and shimmery sequins on the back yoke and pockets of our flattering denim jeans. 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Brighten up your little one’s room with this darling wall art by My Baby Sam. measures 14x¼x10”H MDF wipe clean with dry cloth imported
Your favorite everyday briefs with a fit that feels tailor made just for you.   nylon hand wash, tumble dry imported manufacturer’s style #15712
From everyday wear to special occasions, these stunning genuine Swiss blue topaz earrings are a pair you'll want to wear again and again.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 6mm heart-shaped genuine Swiss blue topaz Back: Post Dimension: 6x6mm   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Relaxed, easy style takes a victory lap around the fashion track with these soft French terry jogger pants. elastic waist with faux drawstring cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Topped with a solid splash of yellow, this chevron print duvet cover is a refreshing way to liven up the look of your bedroom. gray and white tones white vertical stripes chevron print shams solid gray back 4-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: duvet cover sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen and King/Cal. King set includes: duvet cover 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester duvet cover and shams; polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: duvet cover is 68x90”; sham is 26x20”; decorative pillows are 18x12” and 16x16” Full/Queen: duvet cover is 88x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 18x12” and 16x16” King: duvet cover is 104x90; shams are 36x20; decorative pillows are 18x12” and 16x16”  
The Hoover WindTunnel Self-Propelled Bagged Upright enhances the ease and effectiveness of vacuuming for a deep-down clean.   HEPA media vacuum bags WindTunnel® technology removes deep-down dirt; special pet hair tool helps collect stubborn pet hair Embedded Dirt Finder sensor turns green when no more dirt is being removed from carpet self-propelled features works in forward and reverse motion, making vacuuming seem effortless check bag indicator tells you when to replace the bag and headlight air-powered hand tool 29' power cord Includes powered hand tool, wand, upholstery nozzle, dusting brush and crevice tool. 3-year manufacturer's warranty. Imported.
Our comfy, intricately designed coverlet set features a contemporary oversized floral pattern. shades of gray, aqua blue and white modern clean print cotton coverlet with cotton/other fill cotton-polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill washable; decorative pillows: spot clean only full/queen coverlet: 90x90 king/cal. king coverlet: 104x94 imported 6-piece sets include: coverlet 2 shams 3 decorative pillows: 18x18, 16x16, 12x18 Full/queen sets include standards shams. King/cal. king sets include king shams.
Savor the style of the Southwest in these genuine turquoise drop earrings that move with playful delight. Metal: Brass Stones: Stabilized turquoise Back: Wire Dimensions: 5x39mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our chiffon top has lovely lace details on the shoulders, adding feminine flair to everyday attire. lace shoulders v-neck button-front half placket 3/4 sleeves polyester hand wash, line dry imported
What it is:A set of false eyelashes made with natural hair for a softer, more natural look and feel. What it does: Add a glamorous touch to your look with this must-have accessory. From ultra thick to whimsical and fabulously feminine, these lashes add length, build volume, and make eyes pop. They are available in a variety of styles—both natural and dramatic—and use natural hair for a softer touch. What else you need to know: Glue adhesive is included. Suggested Usage: -Apply glue to rim and tuck into lash line.
Enjoy time outdoors out of the sun with our attractive, unique, and colorful 9‘ 3-tier umbrella. Made with 160G polyester to prolong the life of your outdoor umbrella. engineered to resist fading, mildew and stains steel frame polyester canopy hand crank for easy opening folds for easy storage 108x102; 21 pounds imported
Classic flip flops get a gorgeous update with a flower on the strap. synthetic upper synthetic sole
The energetic design of these shoes features a rear-foot cushioning system and breathable mesh upper, which is perfect for everyday comfort. These are the ideal choice for low-mileage runners seeking a great fit and a cushioned ride.   technology rear-foot GEL cushioning system absorbs shock during impact reflectivity construction breathable nylon mesh and synthetic upper AHAR-ASICS high-abrasion rubber outsole details lace-up removable sock liner mesh upper with reinforced overlays for support and exceptional breathability
With a smooth fit and lovely stretch lace waistband, our briefs will provide feminine comfort you'll love. full-cut legs for no ride-up body: nylon/spandex lining: cotton washable imported manufacturer's style #2744
These work boots feature a beautiful embroidered design crafted in durable leather for lasting wear. construction leather upper rubber sole details 10 shaft height pull on moisture-wicking, high-abrasion lining cushioned insole with moisture-wicking cover lightweight, high-abrasion outsole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Start him early on that classic preppy style with our soft cotton polo bodysuit. polo collar front button placket short sleeves nickel-free snaps on reinforce panel pre-washed 100% cotton washable imported
This glittery sleep shirt and mask are perfect for staying up all night at her BFF's sleepover (and sleeping in the next day). includes sleep mask with glitter detail roundneck with button placket sleeveless racerback glitter detail polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
GoldToe® jersey liner socks in packages of 6 offer all day comfort in a no-show design. package of 6 reinforced toe reciprocated heel cotton/polyester/nylon/spandex, exclusive of ornamentation color trim is cotton/nylon/spandex/polyester washable imported  fits shoe sizes 6-9    
Be comfortably laidback wherever you go in these soft Southpole joggers, available in your choice of colors. regular fit ribbed waist with drawstring side seam pockets closed bottom polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Our jumpsuit from a.n.a. features a unique cinched waist with flowy fabric for a stylish look. scoopneck sleeveless drawstring at waist approx. 30 long rayon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Add quirky style to your patio with this festive tile-pattern outdoor pillow. vibrant Moroccan tile pattern polyester with polyester fill spot clean 17x17 imported
What it is:A standard queen-size pillowcase made of the highest grade mulberry silk for the ultimate beauty sleep. What it is formulated to do:Traditional pillowcases don’t slip and over time, this causes damage to delicate facial skin and hair. Cotton scratches and tugs on skin and grabs and twists hair, resulting in visible premature stretching, sleep creases, damaged hair, and bed-head by morning. Slip silk is so gentle, it allows skin and hair to glide across the surfaceprotecting and hydrating skin, reducing split ends, and ensuring a longer-lasting blow out. What else you need to know:Slip silk is natural, hypoallergenic, dust mite-resistant, and allows skin to breathe, unlike synthetic satin (polyester) which sweats, essentially negating the benefits. It does not contain toxic dyes and is recommended by dermatologists, plastic surgeons, hairdressers, and beauty experts. Made using a trade secret production method developed over 10 years, slip silk pillowcases provide the ultimate combination of shine, thickness, softness, and durability. Cotton is very absorbent. It can hold up to 27 times its own weight in water and it draws moisture away from your skin and hair. When you sleep on silk, delicate facial skin is more hydrated in the morning and hair becomes healthier over time. Ever woken up with a sleep crease when sleeping on a cotton pillowcase? While the creases usually go away later that day, they are gradually ‘ironed in’ over the years as an indication of the damage done. Suggested Usage:-Use eight hours daily for maximum results.-This product is machine washable (cool/warm, gentle cycle, care bag).Ingredients:100 Percent Pure Mulberry Silk (22 Momme).
true The counter-depth design of this French-door refrigerator offers a built-in look by fitting nearly flush with surrounding cabinetry in your kitchen while its advanced water filtration uses an MWF replacement filter to remove trace pharmaceuticals from water. Quick Ice setting creates ice up to 50% faster than normal settings integrated shelf support system provides strong, flexible support adjustable, slide-out, spill-proof glass shelves feature raised edges that help contain spills and make cleanup quick and easy glass freezer shelves let you enjoy a high-end appearance with secure storage for a variety of items fresh food multi-level drawers provide the ideal environment for storing your fruits and vegetables adjustable clear door bins offer ideal space for large containers and free up valuable shelf space 21.9 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage LED lighting system lets you find all your favorite foods under natural-looking light 69 1/4 x 35 3/4 x 29 1/2
Stay comfortable and cute all day in these gladiator sandals, featuring metallic accents and a slight heel.   technology   latex comfort footbed   construction   synthetic upper rubber sole   details   1 sliver wedge heel back zipper entry metallic accents
true This 4.8 DOE front-load washer from GE features a built-in Rightheight™ pedestal to make loading and unloading easier and an overnight dry option to clean and dry small loads in up to 8 hours. For added convenience, you can use the top as an easy to reach folding surface to optimize space in smaller laundry rooms. ENERGY STAR® qualified 4.8 cu. ft. capacity stainless steel tub Rotary-Electronic controls for easy operation and cycle display steam assist option penetrates deep into fabric fibers, loosening stains 13 wash cycles, including: Active Wear, Basket Clean, Bulky/Bedding, Delicates/Hand Wash, NSF Allergen, NSF Sanitize, Normals/Mixed Loads, Power Clean, Rinse and Spin, Single Item, Speed Wash, Towels & Sheets, Whites 5 rinse temperatures spin speed up to 1250 RPM delay start operation up to 24 hours Preset cycles allow you to customize your soil and spin levels to provide ideal wash settings for the best results eWash option - Energy-saving option uses a cold water wash on select cycles without sacrificing performance Precision Dispense where great cleaning performance is enhanced with a dispenser that distributes fresh detergent multiple times throughout the wash overnight dry washes and dries a small load of clothes in 8 hours or less without needing to move units vibration control adjusts spin patterns for each floor type for a smoother wash Rightheight™ Built-In Pedestal lets you comfortably load and unload clothes, and use the top as a folding surface, with this factory-installed pedestal fill hoses are required for installation (sold separately) shop matching gas dryer Short on space? To stack any front-load, front-control washer & dryer pair, purchase the corresponding Stacking Kit (sold separately) and select the “Stack Front Load Laundry Units” option from the Additional Parts & Services list when you add to bag. 
He’ll make a splash with these awesome swim trunks featuring hot graphics and a handy pocket to store his goggles. includes swim trunks and goggles UPF 50+ protection quick drying mesh liner graphics faux drawstring pocket polyester washable imported
The perfect personalized gift for a friend or yourself, these sterling silver monogram stud earrings feature a beautiful script design in colored enamel.  Metal: Rhodium plated sterling silverMaterials: EnamelBack: PostDimensions: 11mmx13mmPersonalize:  Up to 3 initials. Initials will appear exactly as entered; center initial will be enlarged. Select one enamel color.  Use the key below to select desired enamel color: A = Midnight Blue B = Coral C = Black D = Bright Teal E = Light Violet F = French Blue G = Cobalt H = Collegiate Blue I = Salmon J = Chartreuse K = Pink Punch L = Red Rose M = Shell Pink N = Shamrock O = Lilac Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Give her look a tribal twist with this romper featuring a colorful print and a cool draped back. sleeveless cotton/polyester washable imported 
The classic comfort and fit of our Liz Claiborne linen pants are a wonderful wardrobe staple.   elastic waistband with drawstring 2 front pockets, 2 back pockets 30½ inseam linen/cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Take your casual style to the next level with our soft cotton tee. crewneck short sleeves front print 100% cotton washable imported
A stylish staple for your casual-chic wardrobe, our pull-on pants easily pull together a polished look. back elastic waistband polyester washable imported petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam
These sweet sandals are sure to keep him feeling and looking cool this season. synthetic upper hook-and-eye ankle strap for better fit padded collar durable rubber sole
He loves me, he loves me not. This red petal bead reminds you of how fragile love is. Fits other brands of bracelets, too.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Glass bead Dimensions: 9x15mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Your vibrant lifestyle deserves a fun wardrobe and our flutter-sleeve peasant top is the perfect go-to look you've been searching for.  roundneck flutter sleeves approx. 27-29 length polyester washable imported
Enjoy the support and high-end performance of our stylish Flight Falcon basketball shoes from Nike, complete with a shock-absorbing heel and excellent traction.   construction synthetic/leather upper rubber sole details lace up heel air cushion unit
Soothe away aches and pains with this massaging heating pad. soothing heat and relaxing massage ergonomic remote control with settings for heat and massage extra large to relieve multiple muscle groups 5 different combinations for heat and massage Velcro® straps provide storage and travel convenience massage motors automatically shut off to ensure safety Plastic. Measures 10x3¼x12H. Wipe clean. Imported.  
A sleek, seamless cami is the perfect layering piece with adjustable straps and flattering side ribbing. adjustable straps ribbed sides nylon/spandex washable imported
Your little one will be assembling for naptime eagerly with this super-soft Avengers blanket. soft, lightweight fleece action shot of separate Avengers Polyester. Measures 62x90. Washable. Imported.
Sleep soundly in these super-comfortable, all-cotton knit pajama pants from Stafford, featuring an elastic, drawstring waist and two convenient side pockets.   combed, ringspun cotton     2 side pockets    cotton washable imported
A unique cage design gives these strappy sandals a chic look that easily carries you from brunch to after-hours drinks. synthetic upper 3.75 heel  strappy cage design open toe ankle tie strap synthetic sole
Feel protected when you wear this St. Christopher medal necklace. Crafted from 14K gold that's gone through a patented hardening process, this necklace is more durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. It will also maintain its consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Hypoallergenic and nickel free.‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬   Metal: 14K yellow goldClosure: Spring-ringLength: 18 rope chainPendant Size: 15.1x29.78mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Wear our U.S. Polo vest on its own for a sharp, handsome look, or layer it with a jacket for a complete formal suit. v-neck 5-button closure 2 exterior pockets modern fit 24 length rayon/polyester lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Good style is all about building on the essentials—like our classic ribbed turtleneck with metallic threading. silver metallic, gold metallic: cotton/nylon/polyester/metallic other colors: cotton/nylon machine wash, dry flat imported misses: approx. 24½ - 26 length petite: approx. 22½ - 24½ length
Get ready to take a dip or enjoy some time in the sun with our bandeau blouson tankini swim top, designed with bold stripes to coordinate with your favorite solid bottoms.  adjustable straps built-in soft cups partially lined nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported
This magnificant dove takes flight in an open-design of shimmering cubic zirconia and sterling silver.   Metal: Sterling Silver Metal Color: White Stone: Cubic zirconia Setting: Prong Closure: Spring-ring clasp Length: 18” baby box chain Pendant Size: .2x.792” Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Functionality and smooth design meet on your countertop with this 3-in-1 mixer that’s perfect for soups, purees, shakes and even chopping veggies.   3-in-1 mixing set includes cup, chopper and whisk self-organized for streamlined use and storage handle features a decorative chrome panel and secure grip long, stainless steel shaft reaches into pot for pureeing soup ideal for making protein shakes, fruit smoothies and more appliance converts from stick mixer to a whisk with a simple twist make homemade whipped cream, mayonnaise and more with whisk function attach to chopper for dicing peppers, onions, garlic, etc. in seconds Stainless steel/plastic. Imported. 
Our Arizona sandals add a little pizzazz to you daily wardrobe with a neutral look that's packed with beaded fun.   textile/polyurethane upper rubber straps slip on beading on front rubber sole
Perfect for when breezy, warm days turn to chill, our ponte knit pants feature an effortless pull-on style. elastic back 2 front slant pockets acrylic/polyester washable imported misses: 30½ inseam misses short: 28 inseam petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam
She will look cute and confident in our Express Yourself top with fun lace insets.  crewneck short sleeves top: rayon/spandex bottom: nylon/spandex washable imported
Tasteful, timeless and elegant, our 3/4-sleeve floral jacket dress will complement your style perfectly. back zip 43 length from shoulder lined polyester/spandex washable imported
Traveling the world or down the street, this digital sport watch is your best companion. At your fingertips is a wealth of easy-to-use, easy-to-read information as well as large buttons for simple operation. Brand: Casio Dial Color: Gray Strap: Black resin Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 43.7mm Case Thickness: 13.7mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 24.25mm wide Model No.: AE1000W-1BV Special Features: Stopwatch; date display; 5 alarms; world time; LED light with afterglow; hourly time signal; countdown timer; full auto calendar; 12/24-hour formats; 10-year battery Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our charming Katie square decorative pillow can bring a fresh touch to your current bedroom decor or it pairs wonderfully with our Katie bedspread.   versatile, traditional design cotton fabric feels great  measures 16x16   Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Sassy meets sporty with this bright, cheetah-print skirtall. roundneck cap sleeves nylon washable imported
The perfect everyday shoes that feature incredible comfort and are made for all-day wear. technology Memory Foam under sock lining construction durable synthetic/fabric upper rubber outsole for flexible comfort details elastic strap secures fit 2 ½ heel height
Protect her skin from the harsh sun with this long-sleeve, fitted rashguard. long sleeves 1/4-zip should fit like second skin and not loose nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
When the game is on the line, you'll have ice in your veins with our comfortable shorts.  elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets straight leg 10 inseam polyester washable imported
Whether your space favors the formal or the casual, the modern or the traditional, you’ll find that the naturally cascading drape of the Voile sheer panel by Martha Stewart effortlessly complements any décor as it softly filters light.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart 2 rod pocket accommodates a variety of rod sizes 3 bottom hem available in fresh, natural colors MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at JCPenney Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Just like her own fairy godmother, this Cinderella watch will keep her on time.  A glitzy silver-tone leather band gives it enough glamour to accessorize even her fanciest ballgown.   Brand: Disney Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Silver-tone leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: ⅓ Bracelet Dimensions: 6⅓ long, 16mm wide Model No.: W000392 Special Features: Stainless steel case, glitzy leather strap, 3ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Hang this sweet birdhouse outside in easy view of a window for you to enjoy hours of watching bluebirds, swallows, chickadees or whoever decides to become your neighbor.   pine wood metal hook and rope for hanging 7½x5x10H imported
A center black cross with diamond-accent detail beautifully stands out against a stark stainless steel background in this men's religious pendant.   Metal: Two-tone stainless steel Stones: Diamond accent Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 24 curb chain Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Comfortable, stylish and easy to wear, our sleeveless button-down shirt is sure to become one of your wardrobe staples. v-neck drop shoulder approx. 27 5/8-29 9/16 length polyester washable imported
With classic mission styling and a sturdy design, this mirror creates an inviting feeling that you’ll enjoy for years to come. oak and mirrored glass construction finger-joint, tongue-and-groove joinery rich chestnut finish Measures 48Wx2Dx29H. Imported.
What it is: A high density, latex-free sponge designed to create an ultra-smooth, flawless finish with any foundation formula. What it does: The high density material in this sponge minimizes product absorption so there's no need to wet the sponge. The unique double-ended design is perfect for achieving different coverages and finishes on the skin. Suggested Usage: -Bounce and roll foundation across your skin using the larger side to get ultra-smooth, even, coverage in a flash. -Build coverage by tapping in place -The smaller end is perfect for applying highlighter, luminizer, and cream blush.
Tasty Quick Pops go fast, so extra ice pop sticks are great to keep on hand.   set includes 6 reusable ice pop sticks and 6 drip guards sticks are engineered to work only with the Zoku Quick Pop Maker BPA and phthalate free Imported.
Our elegant lace sheath dress will take you from dinner party to dance floor, designed with sparkling sequin lace skirt and soft flowing cape overlay. scoopneck sleeveless back zipper 39½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
She’ll be a cute hit in our ruffle-hem romper, with an elastic neck and waist to keep the dress fitting great all day.  roundneck with elastic sleeveless elastic waist with bow ruffle hem cotton/polyester washable imported
With their sophisticated strapping and delicate glitter design, these pumps are perfect for any special occasion. synthetic upper 3 wedge heel adjustable strap rubber sole
These boots are durable and water resistant, and they’re also warm and comfortable thanks to a memory foam insole and fleece lining.   synthetic water-resistant upper Flexastride memory foam insole for comfort fleece lining round toe lace up padded collar  
Get better fit and breathability with these soft, cotton blend crew socks from Stafford. cotton rich fabric for breathability spandex for superior fit cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoes size 6 1/2 -12
Featuring luxurious leather with brogue detailing, these handsome boots go with any pair of jeans of khakis, making them great for the casual weekend or evening out. leather upper lace up cap toe leather sole
With its beautiful colors and ornate design, this comforter set makes a great addition to your bedroom. bold chevron and updated paisley design solid purple on back decorative pillows feature unique fabrication and embroidered details to accent the look 4-piece Twin/Twin XL sets include: comforter sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen sets include: comforter 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: comforter is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12 Full/Queen: comforter is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12
This Farberware nonstick 15-piece cookware set is constructed from sturdy aluminum that heats quickly and evenly to help reduce hot spots that can burn food. Long-lasting DuPont Teflon® Plus nonstick coats the cookware interiors for excellent food release, while the sleek exteriors add a touch of style to any type of kitchen decor.   shatter-resistant glass lids feature easy-to-grasp knobs and allow cooking to be watched while keeping heat, flavors and moisture sealed in double-riveted handles provide a strong grip bake delicious bar, rolled or drop cookies to perfection on the medium cookie sheet cookware is oven safe to 450°F cookie sheet is oven safe to 350°F 15-piece set includes: 1-quart saucepan with lid 2-quart saucepan with lid 5-quart Dutch oven with lid 8 skillet 10 skillet with lid medium cookie pan 5 nylon kitchen tools Aluminum with glass lids; nylon tools. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Let glamour rule your night with our stunning special occasion dress. sweetheart neckline zipper in back approx. 60 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place. 
Find yourself in the midst of a most hypnotic maze with this sophisticated wall sculpture. Dozens of concentric circles pirouette around a central mirror, as though a disco ball burst and the glittering pieces melted into a spiral.   metal tube, metal sheet, 3mm mirror 46 concentric circles silver finish 1 keyhole hanger for wall mounting included no assembly required 34.25x.75x34.25H; 13 pounds imported
Our Maidenform Sleek Smoothers Wear Your Own Bra Body Briefer helps smooth your tummy, waist, back and hips. Our elastic-free leg bands help keep you looking smooth under your clothes without any visible bulges. You will love the fit flexibility with the Wear Your Own Bra feature too. everyday control smooths and shapes midsection Wear Your Own Bra for fit flexibility adjustable elastic straps for a custom fit elastic-free leg bands help keep you looking smooth under clothes nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported manufacturer's style #2057 
These sharkskin suit pants give your look luster with a resilient, washable fabric that won’t get road-weary. wrinkle-resilient fabric big and tall fit zip fly with hook-and-eye closure flat front front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets hemmed shell: wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported
Our adidas brand cut t-shirt offers comfort, style and easy care. regular fit crewneck short sleeves cotton washable imported    
Play off a casual look with our strappy sandals featuring a soft, supple design. construction leather upper lightweight and flexible rubber sole details 1¼ heel adjustable buckle closure latex comfort footbed for all-day cushioning and comfort
What it is:A Beyond Bronze Kit for the complexion, lips, and eyes. What it does:The Hoola Beyond Bronze Kit lets you glow with natural-looking, sunkissed radiance. It features Benefit’s signature Tips and Tricks so you can easily create summer makeup looks. Sweep on the iconic matte bronzing powder over cheeks, the bridge of your nose, forehead and chin. Brush on they’re real! mascara from the base to the tip of your lashes for voluminous length. Get conditioned with benebalmperfect for hydrating bare lips or wearing over your favorite lip stain, and then glide on the ultra-plush lip gloss for a saturated lip look. Wear hoola powder for a matte bronzed look and dew the hoola liquid bronze for a dewy glow, and lengthen, curl, volumize, and lift even the tiniest eyelashes with they’re real! mascara in Black for “out to here” lashes. This set contains: - 0.22 oz Ultra plush lip gloss in Hoola - 0.1 oz They're real! mascara in Black - 0.05 Benebalm - 0.23 oz Dew the hoola liquid bronze - 0.1 oz Hoola powder matte bronzer - Tips and TricksSuggested Usage:How to apply dew the hoola liquid bronze: -Smooth this sheer soft-matte bronzer all over face for a seamless, natural-looking glow. Hoola: -Sweep over cheeks, the bridge of your nose, forehead, and chin. -Beauty trick: For a more sculpted look, blend dew the hoola under the cheekbones and along jaw and hairline. They're real! mascara: -Position wand horizontally and wiggle from base to tip of lashes for length beyond belief. Benebalm: -Wear this conditioning balm on bare lips or over your favorite lip stain. Ultra plush lip gloss in hoola: -Glide on lips.
The classic pattern of our silk tie adds a touch of sophistication to any office outfit.   3 ⅛ wide; 57 long 100% silk spot clean imported
With a floral-print soutache bodice and a layered, hanky hem mesh tutu skirt, this flowing dress will have her looking her regal best.   roundneck sleeveless front bodice, skirt and lining: polyester back bodice: polyester/rayon/spandex hand wash, hang dry imported
Freshen up your foyer, hallway or patio, adding luster, warmth and richness with these highly durable, woven indoor/outdoor rugs. Their intricate, damask pattern will build visual interest and bring traditional-style elegance to your setting.   mold and mildew resistant easy-care fibers flat-weave design for a low profile heat set for long-lasting colors machine-made construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Egypt 0.156 pile height; 0.25 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: YesRug Backing: PolypropyleneFire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces.Use: Indoor/outdoorCare Instructions: Spot clean Origin: Imported 
A trio of lovely round diamonds is the centerpiece of this curvaceous promise ring. Featuring a brilliant, yellow gold-plated band, it’s sure to capture her heart.   Metal: 10K yellow gold Stones: ⅓ ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a 1/10 ct. center stone Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
So many meanings can come from this pendant necklace, but one is clear—love abounds. Three heart-shaped charms in three different colors say mother, daughter and friend. Metal: Tri-tone sterling silver Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long box chain Pendant Size: 16.5x15.79mm long each Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
An allover print with a high-density logo makes our Asics tiebreaker muscle tee perfect for your workout. crewneck sleeveless allover print polyester washable imported
What it is:A brightening cleanser designed to work in conjunction with the Clarisonic cleansing device for a brighter, more even complexion.What it is formulated to do:This foaming cleansing milk gently yet thoroughly removes impurities for a glowing complexion that lasts all day. Specially formulated for use with the Clarisonic cleansing device and Radiance Brush Head, this skin-brightening cleanser features licorice extract and ginkgo biloba to even skintone and brighten, and peppermint leaf extract to soothe and calm.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates Suggested Usage:-Every morning, cleanse with the Skin Illuminating Cleanser and a Clarisonic cleansing device with Radiance brush head to help transform dull, uneven skin into a more radiant complexion. Size3.4 oz Ingredients​-Licorice Root Extract: Visibly lightens skin.-Peppermint Leaf Extract: Soothes and calms skin.-Ginkgo Biloba Leaf Extract: Increases circulation for a more radiant complexion.Water, Sodium Cocoyl Glycinate, Coco-Betaine, Glycerin, Sodium Chloride, Triethanolamine, Ci 77891 / Titanium Dioxide, Acrylates / C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Benzoate, Peg-14m, Glycol Distearate, Parfum / Fragrance, Salicylic Acid, Chlorphenesin, Polyquaternium-39, Limonene, Geraniol, Ginkgo Biloba Extract / Ginkgo Biloba Leaf Extract, Linalool, Mentha Piperita Extract / Peppermint Leaf Extract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra Extract / Licorice Root Extract, (F.I.L. D164934/1).
Relax with ease and enjoy sunny afternoons on this cushion designed for your outdoor furniture. relaxing tropical floral print polyester with polyester foam fill washable 19x44x2.5H imported
With spacious cargo pockets, these jogger pants add functionality to your comfort. drawstring tapered leg cargo pockets cotton/spandex washable imported  
With his favorite web crawler on the dial, this flashing watch will help him keep track of time with its easy-read digital format. A colorful red strap finishes its fun look.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Red plastic Bracelet Dimensions: 203mm long; 17mm wide Model No.: SPMKD591FL   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add spice to your wardrobe and share your love of Star Wars by wearing officially licensed Boba Fett cuff links and tie bar. officially licensed tie bar has bullet back closure rhodium-plated base metal with enamel imported
This 2-piece set, which features a button-front top and a pair of corresponding shorts, is sure to become your little one's new favorite outfit. chest pocket detail screen-printed graphics allover print no-pinch elastic waistband pork-chop pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Feel confident and chic in our slim-fit denim skirt, with five stylish pockets for just the right amount of flair. mid rise slim fit 1 front coin pocket, 2 front pockets 2 back patch pockets 20½ length cotton/elastane washable imported
Make your 9-to-5's as stylish as can be with this classic lace-up dress shoe featuring linear stitching detail.   synthetic upper lace-up synthetic sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Walk with comfort and confidence when you slip into our open-toe leather sandals detailed with contrast stitching and studded accents. technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed construction smooth leather upper lightweight EVA sole details 1⅓ heel 3 hook-and-loop closures for a custom fit fabric linings
Perfect for long hours on your feet, our sneakers have slip-resistant soles so you'll stay upright easier. technology EVA midsole for cushioning memory foam sockliner for comfort construction synthetic upper slip-resistant rubber sole details low profile lace up
With one of the season's most popular silhouettes, these Arizona super-skinny jeans are a casual wardrobe must.   5-pocket design slim leg 29¼ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
He can step up his style with a versatile IZOD shirt and tie set.   coordinating clip-on tie (may vary slightly) ages 5-14: 15 long ages 15 and up: 17 long long-sleeve shirt with chest pocket cotton/polyester shirt; polyester tie washable shirt; dry clean tie imported
The eye-catching print on our full-length jersey knit leggings will give your casual looks a pop of personality. no side seams 2½ wide elastic waist fold-over waistband 27 inseam jersey knit cotton/elastane washable imported
With plenty of color, bold prints and touch of sparkle, this 2-piece Carter's set adds a pop of cheer to her warm-weather wardrobe. includes peplum top and leggings top: long sleeves, polka dots, sparkle heart embroidery, back button placket; cotton leggings: elastic waist, neon floral print; cotton/elastane washable imported
Our all-silk tie features a stripe that adds a formal accent to complete your ultra-sharp outfit. 3¼ wide; 58 long 100% silk spot clean imported
The Plaza rod-pocket/back-tab curtain panel from Royal Velvet easily slides onto a rod or pole and hangs beautifully. 99.9% blackout to help reduce light and noise blackout lining  create a shirred look with rod pocket or use back tabs to create a soft, pleated effect faux-silk appearance 4 rod-pocket 4x2 back tabs Sold individually. Polyester with polyester lining. Washable. Imported.
If you're looking for a shoe with all-day comfort and style, look no further than our pumps featuring a slip-resistant sole and allover snake texture. synthetic upper 3½ heel closed toe synthetic sole
Get a leg up on the competition in our Nike Avalanche shorts, featuring a unique side panel for easy mobility and Dri-FIT fabric that wicks away sweat. Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric elastic waist 10 inseam polyester washable imported
Simplify your mornings with this Mr. Coffee 12-cup coffee maker.   stainless steel 12-cup capacity Measures 14.5x11.1x9.2H.
Add some flair to your little one's nursery by adding this crib sheet, which features an elastic band around the border to ensure a snug fit. 27½x51x8H 100% cotton washable imported
Keep your look crisp and fresh all day long with Worry Free pants from St. John's Bay.   wrinkle-free repels and releases stains zip front with button closure flat front two front slash pockets two back button-through single welt pockets cotton washable imported
Get them to stand up and take notice with our tall and beautiful ankle strap sandals. synthetic upper and lining adjustable ankle strap thermoplastic lower
A slightly roughened center and smooth comfort-fit beveled edges make this band a sleek accessory. Made in America.Metal: 10K white goldDimensions: 6mm wideJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Comfortable and chic, our patterned tights will add a dose of personality to your look this season. package of 2 polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported
For easygoing style from work to weekend, our ruffle tank top is the perfect feminine pick. crewneck approx. 31⅝-33¼ length lace rayon/spandex washable imported
The sleek silhouette of our swing dress provides a flattering fit that works in a formal or casual setting.  v-neck sleeveless back zipper fully lined 40¾ length from shoulder cotton/spandex dry clean only imported
Effortless style and all-day comfort intertwine with these no-iron, hidden expandable waist gabardines from Haggar, made in part with Repreve® recycled fiber by UNIFI. wrinkle free hidden expandable waistband straight fit flat front off-seam front pockets single-welt back pockets with button closure made in part with Repreve recycled fiber by UNIFI 78% polyester/22% recycled polyester washable imported style: HD10317
Our comforter set features a large-scale damask print in shades of taupe, white and pale yellow, with a hand-painted look to give it an organic feel. The comforter reverses to a solid taupe hue, so you can change your bedroom's look whenever you please. damask design that reverses to a solid taupe hue comforter: 100% cotton with polyester fill sham and bedskirt: 100% cotton full: 80x90 queen: 92x96 king: 110x96 cal. king: 110x96 washable imported 4-piece full, queen, king and cal. king sets include: 1 comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full and queen sets include standard shams. King and cal. king sets include king shams. For best results, launder in a large-capacity front-loading washer and dryer. If the set doesn't have free movement in the washer and dryer, a large-capacity commercial washer and dryer are recommended.
Aztec print puts your cardigan look on a pedestal in our striped open-front version. 2 pockets acrylic washable imported
Ready to make a big splash, this chronograph sport watch takes you under—or above—water in style. Its large dial and accurate quartz movement give you the confidence to descend down to 500 meters. Brand: Invicta Dial Color: Gold-tone Strap: Stainless steel and black silicone Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 500m Case Width: 50mm Case Thickness: 20mm Bracelet Dimensions: 210mm long; 32.5mm wide Model No.: 16144 Special Features: Stopwatch; date display; 18K gold plating detailing Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Look your best and stay safe on the job with our comfortable Bandera Pro shoes, constructed with work-friendly features to keep you steady on your feet all day, everyday. construction suede leather/nylon upper oil/slip-resistant rubber sole details lace-up entry waterproof, breathable bootie protective rubber heel and toe guard  
The stunning contrast between lab-created blue sapphires and sparkling diamond accents makes this sterling silver ring truly shine.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Lab-created blue sapphire Other Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong Diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Gemstones may have been treated and require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This tourmaline ceramic curling iron adds a smooth and silky shine while you create luxurious waves and curls.   strong, smooth grip auto shutoff anti-slip balanced design digital temperature control in fire red JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
  Cracking nuts has never been so easy.  Featuring ergonomically formed handles and a clever hinge, this nutcracker requires little strength so you can enjoy nuts without all the hard work of opening them.   ergonomically formed handles clever hinge functions as decorative tray Metal.  Measures 7 ¼ x 6 ¼ x 6 ¼”.  Hand wash. Imported.
Comfort and elegance come together in the Lilyette Comfort Convertible underwire bra with a sleek silhouette and push-up styling.   padded push up convertible straps nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #0822
Our must-have Underscore bra features adjustable comfort straps and gently supportive wirefree styling.   polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Multicolor green on the dial of this women's gold-tone bracelet watch creates an interesting look that will get attention. Brand: GenevaDial Color: Multicolor greenStrap: Gold-tone metal linkClasp: 2 pusher fold overMovement: QuartzCase Width: 34mmCase Thickness: 10mmBracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long; 18mm wideModel No.: FMDJM142 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Lovely from every angle, this truly unique ring showcases a round blue diamond in the center surrounded by a halo of white diamonds. The filigree-type 14K white gold band has more white diamonds hidden in the crevices.   Metal: 14K white gold Stones: ½ ct. t.w. white and color-enhanced blue diamonds, including a ⅓ ct. center stone White Diamond Color: H-I White Diamond Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong and pavé Some diamonds may be treated and may require special care; diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
These Nike tights provide the comfort and mobility that help you to maximize your workout. elastic waistband compression fit moisture wicking polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Fabric Possibilities furniture program gives you the freedom to create a custom seating arrangement. Choose from a versatile collection of sofas, chairs, chaises, corner pieces, sleepers and more in your choice of smart and stylish fabrics.   sturdy oak/plywood frame foam cushions removable feet lid opens for storage of blanket or extra pillows Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester linen blend; 92% polyester, 8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top Hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Measures 33x25x18H. Professional upholstery cleaning; spot clean with  clean, damp cloth if necessary. Made in America of imported materials. All colors are Custom Order.  Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit.  Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance. 
Effortlessly bring an elegant touch to your room with this decorative pillow designed with three sets of vertical ruffles.   solid ivory background measures 16x12 Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Complete your look with these radiant hypoallergenic diamond-cut gold-tone doorknocker earrings.  Metal: Gold-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: 1x1.4  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
What it is:A creamy, nude matte primer that gives you vibrant, crease-free eye shadow for 24 hours.What it does:Get a primer with multiple benefits. This 24-hour wear, crease-free shadow provides vibrant color and smoother application. Eden, a nude matte shade, glides on effortlessly, reduces the look of redness, and delivers full coverage for a gorgeous, subtle look when worn alone. Its innovative polymer technology fills in any imperfections on the skin’s surface, prepping lids for all-day shadow.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- ParabensWhat else you need to know:This coveted primer now comes in revamped packaging with gorgeous ombré artwork and a faceted, jewel-like cap. It features an applicator that lets you glide on this formula with more versatility.Suggested Usage:-Smooth on just a touch of Eyeshadow Primer Potion before your shadow for 24 hours of wear and no creasing.Size:0.33 ozIngredients​Isododecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Polyethylene, Triethylhexanoin, Trihydroxystearin, Isopropyl Lanolate, Sorbitan Sesquioleate, VP/Eicosene Copolymer, Talc, Dimethicone, PEG-40 Stearate, Phenoxyethanol, Synthetic Beeswax, Propylene Carbonate, Water. [+/- (May Contain): CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/77492/77499 (Iron Oxides)].
With a comfortable cut and high-performance features, these classic-fit twill work pants stand up to long, dirty days on the job.     dyed to match Dickies twill pants and shirts sits at natural waist resists wrinkles side and back pockets longer belt loops for wide belts treated for stain-release flat front with a permanent center crease straight leg 18.5 leg opening (size 34x32) polyester/cotton washable imported more sizes: regular, big
Our Alfred Dunner pants have that all-day comfort you rely on.   flat front with elastic back side pockets approx. 28 length cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Bold floral designs are showcased on this Axminster -inspired runner to give your home a touch of timeless style. easy-care fabric power-loomed construction durable polypropylene crafted in Turkey ½ overall thickness measures 26x87 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean. Professional cleaning recommended. Origin: Imported    
With attached shorts underneath, this pleated skirt is a comfortable way to look dressy. back elastic waistband pull-on design non-functional tab and buttons at waist attached shorts front pleats polyester washable imported
Designed to maximize your athletic support, these adidas compression shorts have you covered. compression fit elastic waistband 7 inseam polyester washable imported
Bring your windows to life by topping them with this valance featuring a beautiful damask print. lavender tones lined for an enhanced weight and feel Measures 54x15L. Sold individually. Curtain panels sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Cotton with polyester lining. Washable. Imported.
Strapless bra stays put for ultimate comfort. Includes straps for versatility.   back closure padded, underwire cups adjustable straps are removable nylon/spandex washable imported
What it is:A silicone-free, nutrient-rich oil treatment to hydrate dry curls and scalp. What it is formulated to do:Essential fatty acids and vitamins promote healthy hair growth and add healthy shine to defined curls. Nourishing, conditioning, and restoring, it’s subtly scented with light notes of captivating amber and warm glimmers of musk to refresh hair between washes. Suggested Usage:-Pump into hands and use fingertips to massage into hair at roots, smoothing through hair. -Reapply as needed. -Alternatively, incorporate into your pre-wash regimen for extra moisture. -For an intense treatment, mix a small amount with Wonderful Deep Conditioning Masque.Size:1.7 ozIngredients: -Jamaican Black Castor Oil: Contains a unique composition of ultra-moisturizing, restorative omega 9s.Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Fragrance (Essential Oil Blend).
true Not only does this built-in cooktop feature Syncburners for even cooking across burners and LED backlit knobs that help ensure safety when cooking, this built-in electric cooktop is backed by the GE Fits! Guarantee, ensuring an exact fit that's easy to replace. five radiant electric burners cook foods quickly and evenly control two 7 Syncburners simultaneously to evenly heat large cookware or griddles 9/6 3,100-watt flexible Power Boil element produces rapid, powerful heat 8/5 2,200-watt flexible dual element allows you to use different size pans red LED backlit knobs on black glass surface and stainless steel trim control lock capability protects against unintended activation hot surface indicator lights let you know when elements are too hot to touch Keep Warm setting keeps foods warm with GE's lowest heat setting Melt setting gently melts delicate foods without burning or scorching cooktop On indicator light lets you know when an element is active 6x29⅞x21
This bracelet set brings fresh color and easy style to any wardrobe. Five-piece set includes two stretch bracelets and three with lobster clasp closures. Wear them individually or layer all five for a bold tribal look.Metal: Gold-tone brassStones: Aqua and red stones, clear beadsOther Stones: CrystalsOther Materials: ThreadClosures: Lobster claspsJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give her an active shoe for her active lifestyle with our lightweight, breathable running shoes and their soft, flexible design. technology soft Phylon core midsole offers ample cushioning and a natural feel articulated Phylite carrier outsole provides flexibility and durability construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up internal forefoot bootie gives a secure fit and support
Our long-sleeve T-shirt—with moisture-wicking stretch fabric and no-chafe seams—is designed to perform just as hard as you do. Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry stretch fabric for freedom of movement no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin approx. 26¼ - 28½ front length interlock knit polyester washable imported
Soft and sweet, you'll feel like a sugary dream in our 100% cotton Arizona peasant top. roundneck with tie. 3/4 sleeves approx. 23½ length inset lace 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
Have this gorgeous ring ready when you’re about to pop the question. The beauty of it is apparent right away with the morganite center framed by a double halo of diamonds. Rose gold shanks are diamond covered and twisted into infinity symbols, celebrating your endless love. Metal: 14K rose gold Stone: 5mm round genuine morganite Other Stones: ⅜ ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 27.4mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Opening to reveal a stunning mirrored interior, this elegant enclosed bar is a uniquely discreet way to put bottles and glassware on display in a space-saving way. pine and MDF construction painted black finish 1 adjustable glass shelf, 2 fixed shelves and 2 door shelves 4 stemware racks mirrored interior back, sides and doors antique brown hardware Measures 27Wx12Dx55H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.
Feel confident in our high-waist flare pants—made of stretch-knit fabric so you can have ease of movement and ultra comfort.•    high waist•    front slash pockets•    cotton/spandex•    washable•    imported•    misses: approx. 31½-33½ inseam•    petite: 27 1/2 inseam    
Your dreams will be a little sweeter in our microfleece pajama set, featuring a long-sleeve v-neck top and elastic-waist pants. polyester washable imported
Our comfy cotton tee features a graphic print of the Guiness logo for a cool, casual look.  crewneck short sleeves regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
Knock out the fat and grill up your family’s favorites with this George Foreman grill with nonstick coating that makes each meal a healthier choice. The 103 square-inch grilling surface heats from the center out to the sides so you can serve amazing dishes to up to seven people at once.     patented slope design cuts out fat dishwasher-safe tray makes clean-up easy power indicator light AC current. Hand wash
A fanciful etched pattern on the temples dresses up these classic sunglasses.  100% UV protection shatter resistant polycarbonate lenses plastic frames Warning: this product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm
With grim Darth Vader on the dial, this watch will help him keep track of time with its easy-read digital format. A bold black strap finishes its fun look.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Black plastic Bracelet Dimensions: 210mm long; 15mm long Model No.: SWCKD248CT   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our softly cushioned New Balance 577 walking shoes provide just the right amount of support and stability for your active lifestyle.   technology Walking Strike Path® stabilizes the foot through the gait cycle ABZORB® for shock absorption construction faux-leather/synthetic upper rubber sole details Velcro polyurethane midsole for durability and cushioning reflective detail for safety
After a long day, rest your head on a cloud of softness that this feather core pillow provides.   240 thread-count cotton cover 23% cotton fill/77% small duck feather core all natural Cotton. Spot clean only. Imported.
Our comfortable racerback tank top will remind you to push on and keep working during your yoga session. scoopneck sleeveless botanical print polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Add a layer of luxe to your sleep time look with the supreme comfort and effortless style of our Jockey robe, fashioned in lightweight jersey knit.   3/4-sleeves cotton washable imported 
Rugged and comfort go together with our flame-resistant Henley tee.   flame resistant rib knit collar 4-button placket chest pocket with pencil stall long sleeves cotton/polyester/polyoxadiazole washable imported
What it is: A gentle, clay-based bar soap for face and body with the light scent of natural citrus and floral. What it is formulated to do: This bar soap features French pink clay, which is known for drawing out impurities without drying skin. It is a gentle, skin-softening cleanser that is suitable for both face and body, with a pleasant citrus and floral scent and a silky smooth texture. This formula is excellent for all skin types. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: This product contains absolutely no artificial ingredients, fillers, alcohol, animal ingredients, fragrances, artificial colors, or unnatural preservatives. Each ingredient is included for a therapeutic reason. No animal testing is conducted on Herbivore’s products or ingredients. Suggested Usage: -Lather with water between hands, and apply generously to face and body. -Rinse. Size:4 ozIngredients:-French Pink Clay: Gently detoxifies and supports cell renewal, skin rejuvenation, and elasticity. -Rose Geranium Essential Oil: Soothes and balances both dry and oily skin. Saponified oils of Coconut Oil, Olive Oil, Sustainable Palm Oil, White Kaolin Clay, French Pink Clay, Rose Geranium Oil, Blood Orange Oil.
Our fun, graphic tee can take him through a full day of activities – from coloring to kickball to quiet time. crewneck heather gray: cotton/polyester all other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
Pull on our plush, warm sherpa fleece hoodie for all-night comfort. pullover front kangaroo pocket polyester washable imported
An ultra-soft brushed fleece finish and sporty v-neck styling make our long-sleeve pullover an essential for your active wardrobe. approx. 28 - 29¼ length micro polar fleece polyester washable imported
true Larger loads mean less laundry with this ultra-large capacity washer from GE®. Outstanding features, like Clean Speak tat allows communication between the washer and dryer for perfect drying performance and a lit washer basket so no sock will be left behind, make this a washer you can happily rely on for years. Energy Star® qualified 5.1 DOE cu. ft. stainless steel basket with LED basket light electronic controls include child lock 13 cycles: basket clean, bulky items, dark colors, delicates, drain and spin, heavy duty, jeans, normal/light colors, quick rinse, sanitize with Oxi, speed wash, towels & sheets, whites precise fill water levels variable wash/spin speed combinations of up to 1,000 rpms remove water efficiently and minimize dry times delay wash up to 9 hours remove up to 99.9% of bacteria with a dedicated cycle that uses an Oxi additive to boost your detergent’s cleaning power, while keeping fabrics looking and feeling their best reduce overall wash time on most cycles by at least 20% with Time Saver wash action waterfall means loads receive thorough water coverage clean 5 of the most common stains with preprogrammed settings that modify any cycle to help remove blood, tomato, wine, dirt and grass perfect drying performance is achievable thanks to Clean Speak Communication System, which allows communication with the dryer to preset the dry cycle enjoy a powerful clean that you won’t hear thanks to noise-dampening material that holds in sound for a quieter cycle Made in America Note: In order for pedestals to be installed they must be purchased and delivered with the corresponding washer and dryer.shop matching electric dryer or gas dryer
A wide waistband lends pleasing visual proportion to our super-soft, cropped knit leggings. rayon/nylon/spandex washable imported misses: 23 inseam petite: 21 inseam
Our Maidenform® Sleek Smoothers™ Wear Your Own Bra Slip with firm control provides 360 degree shaping for a beautiful appearance. The Wear Your Own Bra feature gives you the freedom, fit and comfort of wearing your favorite bra. The slip also pairs well with many dresses and skirt-blouse ensembles.   firm control wear your own bra for fit and flexibility 360 degree all-over shaping hook-and-eye gusset built-in panty nylon/elastane/cotton hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #2541  
The penny lane curtain valance is the perfect finishing touch for your nursery. 54x15L cotton machine wash, lay flat to dry imported
Look lovely in our halter top thanks to the front crepe fabric and lace-trim detailing. halterneck sleeveless 25¼ length polyester washable imported
With designs for every day and special occasions, you'll be sure to find the perfect choice with our stamp set. includes 16 rubber stamps recommended for ages 12+ wood/foam/rubber each stamp measures 0.75x.075 made in America
Seamed for a great fit, our short-sleeve woven shirt will see you through your work day in classic style.   shirt collar hidden button front rounded hem cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Get your little sweetie cozy for bed in these zip-up pajamas featuring a cute all-over ice cream cone print and built-in footies. worry-free safety tab flame resistant ankle-to-chin zipper ribbed cuffs and neckline built-in gripper footies 100% polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Comfort and style unite with a pair of dress pants that are perfect for the office.   slim fit flat front 2 front and 2 back pockets zipper and inside hook-and-bar closure wool/polyester washable imported
Take casual day comfort to the next level with these easy-match knit shorts from Levi’s. 4-pocket style drawstring  waist flat front polyester/polyester washable imported
This beautiful coverlet set provides a neutral yet sophisticated update to your bedroom decor. modern medallion patterned print shades of soothing blue, green, navy and coral embroidery and fabric manipulation details polyester cotton/polyester/olefin/rayon-filled coverlet 2 polyester-filled decorative pillows: 12x16, 16x16 washable; spot clean pillows twin/twin xl coverlet:68x90 full/queen coverlet: 88x90 imported 4-pc. twin/twin xl set includes: coverlet 1 sham 2 decorative pillows 5-pc. full/queen set includes: coverlet 2 shams 2 decorative pillows
Make espresso, cappuccinos and lattes exactly how you want them with the Cuisinart programmable espresso maker. 15 bars of pressure guarantee perfect results pre-programmed cup size set at 1.5- and 3-ounces with option to select serving size brews one or two cups using ground espresso or pods 69-ounce removable reservoir stainless steel steam nozzle and frothing cup for cappuccinos and lattes steam button is a separate function for easy use Portafilter holder with locking mechanism that makes it easy to dispose of wet grounds after use removable drip tray and cover for easy cleanup warming tray on top heats cups includes tamping tool with measuring spoon and frothing cup BPA Free Measures 12.8x9.25x10.63H. Imported.  
Gentle pleats and stripes make this decorative pillow the perfect addition to your bedroom. polyester with polyester fill spot clean 22x14 imported
With a touch of panache, our 10K gold men's ring features two rows of round white diamonds elegantly framed by champagne diamonds, pavé set in black rhodium plating.  Only available in size 10.5. Metal: 10K yellow gold and black rhodium plated 10K goldStone: 1/2 ct. t.w. round champagne and white diamondsWhite Diamond Color: H-IWhite Diamond Clarity: I2-I3Setting: Pavé Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Covered in contemporary pink, orange and cream medallions, our taper designed accent chair complements any space with its traditional style. solid mixed hardwood and wood construction corner-blocked and nailed joinery warm espresso finish on legs for a modern style individually wrapped pocket coils and no-sag spring system handy lock easy-connect assembly system that involves simple slide and click installation in minutes overall: 26Wx28.5Dx32.5H seat measures 18.5Hx22D; 33 back height assembly required; tools included viscose/linen front, polyester back; polyester fiber and foam fill spot clean with mild detergent imported
Add a little flair to your work-to-weekend wardrobe with our versatile Liz Claiborne pumps, boasting a silhouette-elevating wedge heel and flirty peep toe. synthetic upper approx. 3 wedge heel latex sock cushioning rubber sole  
The Mezzo trash can brings modern styling to a practical trash storage solution.   perfect for the home, office or any other small space flipper lid 2½-gallon capacity Polypropylene. Measures 9x9x14½H. Wash with mild soap and water. Imported.
Great for chairs new and old, these French-edge cushions instantly ups the comfort level of your outdoor seating arrangement.    4 thickness for comfort great for any outdoor chair Polyester. Wipe clean with damp cloth. Measures 22x44x4H. Made in America.
Evoking a day at the beach with its coastal theme, this inviting dinnerware set features seashells and starfish over a solid tan background. durable stoneware construction microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 11 dinner plates four 8½ salad plates four 6 soup bowls four 12-ounce mugs Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Our lightweight running shoes are so breathable and comfortable, they make his journey even better than the destination. construction mesh/synthetic upper cushioned EVA midsole synthetic/rubber sole details lace up cap toe arch support
What it is:A precise, stainless steel tweezer with a stylish zebra design. What it does:Comfortably tweeze in control with this chic tool that promises precision. The perfectly aligned hand-finished tips grab the hair every time without pulling and the slant ensures just the right angle for working against the browbone. The durable, stainless steel is easy to clean and the etched pattern allows you to regularly sanitize the tool without compromising its wild print.What else you need to know:Use the pointed end of this tweezer for tackling stubble and fine hairs.Suggested Usage:-Tweeze in the direction of hair growth, smoothly pulling one hair at a time at the root to avoid breakage. -Hold in the middle of oval cut-out to assure proper alignment.-To ease tweezing, first take a hot shower or use a hot washcloth to open pores. -Use cold water or astringent to close pores post tweezing.
Embracing traditional style with its rolled and tufted arms, darkly finished spindle legs and sumptuous faux-leather upholstery, this sofa is a handsome addition to any space. kiln-dried wood frame butt-joint joinery with glue and staples zigzag spring system cushions filled with upholstery foam Upholstery is 90% polyester/10% polyurethane. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 90Wx39Dx38H with a 20 seat height, 21 seat depth and 18 seat back height. Imported.
Whatever your outdoor activity—camping, hiking or fishing—be prepared with this multifunction knife and handsome leather strap watch set. Packaged in a box for easy gift giving. Brand: Mossy Oak Dial Color: White Strap: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 45mm Case Thickness: 11mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9¾ long; 20mm wide Model No.: MOW075G-BK-SET Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Give your business style a modern makeover with this colorful, blended broadcloth from JF J. Ferrar. easy-care performance specially sewn seams lay flat, resist puckering big and tall fit spread collar button front long sleeves adjustable cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
This cuddly security set features a sweet duck plush and ultra-soft blanket that's perfect for playtime and cuddling. includes duck plush and blanket 100% cotton washable imported
Get a dapper look any day with this buttoned-up shirt. point collar full front placket button cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
Create your own sunshine when you wear our mid-length, flowy tank dress with back pleats. scoopneck sleeveless mid-length back pleats rayon washable imported
Featuring a chic elastic waistband and a corresponding necklace, our sleeveless chiffon skater dress offers the perfect look for her sweet style. roundneck lined polyester machine wash, line dry made in America
Combining the plush cushioning you crave with the posture support you need, this mattress ensures you sleep soundly throughout the night.   638 PostureTech® innerspring support system 1 SuperSoft SealyFoam® layer adds superior softness Gel OrthoZone® II foam promotes a cool sleeping environment ½ Marvelux® layer increases firmness FlameGuard™ fiber features fire-resistant technology SolidEdge™ HD system gives you a stable seating edge Cover is fabric. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Includes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring option also available. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x75x9½H; 378 coil count Twin XL: 38x80x9½H; 406 coil count Full: 54x75x9½H; 513 coil count Queen: 60x80x9½H; 638 coil count King: 76x80x9½H; 812 coil count Cal. King: 72x84x9½H; 806 coil count
Square is in, especially when it's this square-textured sterling silver ring with an angled square center filled with diamonds.   Metal: Sterling silverStones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These adidas streetball pants are perfect for staying warm between your games of hoops domination. regular fit elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets polyester washable imported  
Strike first with the latest Force Awakens style in this graphic tee from Fifth Sun, featuring a first issue comic book print. big and tall fit crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Our maternity mixed media top is soft, breathable and features a modern empire-cut design to comfortably fit during each trimester. v-neck  short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Our firm control, high waist pantyhose provide comfortable shaping so you can wear your most body-conscious styles with confidence. The run-resistant, silky sheer legs will provide a flawless finish to your look. comfortable sewn-in elastic waistband keeps garment securely in place shaping panty smoothes from above waist to mid thigh flat seamed for added comfort silky sheer leg with run-resistant technology sheer toe nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Bring an opulent look to your bathroom by setting out these towels featuring a lovely damask design. yarn dyed jacquard towels Choose from these options to create your own set: single bath towel single hand towel single washcloth 6-piece set including 2 washcloths, 2 hand towels and 2 bath towels Cotton. Washable. Imported. Bath towel: 54x27 Hand towel: 28x15 Washcloth: 13x13 You can purchase these towels individually, but your best value is to buy the six-piece set together. The set will give your bathroom a coordinated look and feel while saving you money.
Accessorize your wallet, purse, backpack and more with this darling pink fuzzy ball charm on a silver-tone link chain.  Metal: Silver-tone metalClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 3.25x5.25  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Top off your sophisticated looks with our chic wool-blend coat, featuring a belted silhouette and a cozy funnel neckline. heavyweight funnel neck long sleeves button front self-tie belt 40 length from shoulder wool/polyester/other fibers polyester lining dry clean only imported
Prepare for a beautiful day in our pretty sleeveless lace fit-and-flare dress. 38 length from shoulder zip back lined nylon/rayon polyester lining hand wash, dry flat imported
The bold, dramatic look of this men’s watch from Claiborne shows that you’re a guy who’s used to being in control. Make time work to your favor with multifunction capabilities, luminous hands and a handsome, striped chronograph dial.     Brand: Claiborne Dial Color: Black Strap: Black leather Clasp: Stainless steel strap buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100' Case Width: 50mm Case Thickness: 11.9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 200-210mm long, 21.4-23.5mm wide Model No.: CLM1077 Special Features: Genuine leather strap, oversized case with three time zones, luminous hands and markers, 3ATM, durable ionic plating Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.        
The beautiful array of colors woven into our cotton-blend tote makes it a great fit for your fun look.  double handle, 9 ½ drop top zip closure cotton blend double tassel detail inside wall zip pocket and 2 cell phone pockets 19Lx6Wx13.5H imported
The Sphere rugs anchor your space with a distinctive flair. It's a striking way to add texture to your space.   premium quality yarns create a densely woven and strikingly luxurious pile durable to withstand years of use 5'6 diameter Powerloomed polypropylene/acrylic. Spot clean spills; professionally clean. ½ pile height. Rug pad recommended. Imported.
For a modern sport look, Nike Advance 15 pants add in utility-inspired details like contrast woven overlays on the side zipper pockets and at the back of the calf.  They're signed off with a Swoosh design trademark for just a touch of classic Nike style. fabric blend is comfortable and durable woven contrast overlays on pockets and calf create a tech look Swoosh screen-print adds iconic style skinny fit interlock knit cotton/polyester washable imported
Give your look a little floral boost with our gold-tone metal flower earrings.  Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Clear glass Back: Wire Dimensions: 1x1.5Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A center row of princess-cut diamonds extends across the width of this white gold band. Rows of pavé-set round diamonds border the top and bottom for a uniqueness you'll appreciate.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round and princess-cut diamonds Color: H-I Clarity: I1-I2 Setting: Channel and pavé Gallery Height: 2.9mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our Soft Shoulders full-figure minimizer bra by Glamorise reduces your cup size by one full size and boasts an extraordinarily comfortable wirefree design.   back-adjustable soft, seamless comfort straps 3-section cups polyester/nylon/cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #9835  
Our lace dress pairs this luxe look with open, loose kimono sleeves to create a dress that earns rave reviews.   roundneck kimono sleeves self belt included approx. 36 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Our slip-on mule sneakers feature a relaxed fit with air-cooled memory foam and Bio-Dri lining to keep you dry and odor-free all day long.technology air-cooled memory foam Bio-Dri lining construction textile and synthetic upper rubber sole details slip on
Keep your options open in these semi-rimless sport wraps from Dockers, because active guys need sunglasses that can hold up. 100% UV protection non-polarized lenses plastic frame wipe with soft cloth imported WARNING: This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.
  Lace-up boys' hiking boots from Deer Stags feature a durable synthetic upper and a rugged rubber sole. Water- and oil-resistant for superior traction in any situation.   synthetic upper lace-up oil-resistant water-resistant rubber sole
Crafted of 18K yellow gold and pure silver-plated brass, this two-piece set of stackable swirl rings opens up a variety of fashion options, especially when mixed with other stack rings. Metal: 18K yellow gold and pure silver-plated brass Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Your workday-to-weekend look transitions seamlessly in our must-have cropped leggings.   nylon/spandex washable imported  
Creased leather belt goes from black to brown (and back again) with a simple twist.   40mm wide pewter logo buckle leather spot clean imported   For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
true Introducing GE®'s most advanced wash system designed to consistently clean and dry dishes, featuring 65% more wash power delivered to each rack. This chrome accent dishwasher is designed to sit flush to your cabinets to give a sleek modern look and it's full extension smooth glide rack makes loading and unloading smooth and simple. ENERGY STAR® qualified 48 dBA with status light on door chrome accent control panel with 2/4/8-hour Delay Start  4-pass wash and dry element evenly heats water for washing and air for drying two dedicated bottle jets integrated into the upper rack clean hard-to-reach areas inside tall items two-pump system provides excellent wash performance with reduced sound wash zones allow you to clean half-loads in either the upper or lower rack adjustable upper rack with 2 stem safe shelves fits plates up to 10½ 3 pressurized, full-coverage wash arms dedicated silverware jets focus on silverware baskets in multiple locations Wash Your Way customizable rack give the ability to configure the lower wash basket tines based on kitchen layout Piranha™ hard food disposer with removable filter Steam PreWash loosens tough soils before any cycle two easy access silverware baskets helps make loading silverware and small items easy sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes adjustable heights makes installation over built-up floors simple
Make an undeniably bold statement with this watch featuring a multifunction-look dial. Its expansion style strap stretches for a customized fit.   Dial Color: White Strap: Silicone Movement: Quartz Case Width: 39.5mm Case Thickness: 10.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 185mm long
Your baby boy will be too cute to handle with our fun, cotton, mustache-print bodysuits from Carter's. includes 4 bodysuits short sleeves nickel-free snaps on reinforced panels expandable shoulders screen print 100% cotton washable imported
Made with rose and almond oil, this shampoo helps keep hair color looking fresh for weeks. It helps restore and seal the hair color protecting it from washing out. Hair feels clean, fresh and moisturized. sulfate, gluten, paraben and salt-free made in America   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month. 
This beautifully designed, faux-distressed iron table lamp will add a vintage look to your room. The hardback shade complements the base for a shabby chic, designer feel.   light-tan shade distressed-iron finish 3-way rotary switch resin base measures 15x15x30H linen shade is 10H with a 15 bottom diameter and a 13 top diameter uses one 100W type A bulb, not included assembly required imported     CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: A Title 20-compliant lamp will be shipped to the state of California and include a CFL bulb.
Our boxers are designed from the ground up for a comfortable fit, even under the highest performance. includes 3 boxer briefs air flow helps prevent you from overheating keeps you cool and dry all day long-lasting breathability moisture-wicking fabric ultra soft flex waistband tagless cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Brown traveler wallet keeps your money secure while supplying plenty of pockets for credit cards, insurance cards, receipts and other important information.   6 card slots two sided ID window that holds 2 IDs/cards approx. 4½x3½H genuine leather imported
Featuring perforated panels for comfort and breathability, our lightweight training shoes give him the traction he needs to get through his day. construction synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up padded tongue comfortable heel collar
Featuring a gang of fun-patterned dogs, these chair pads give your seats quirky style and extra cushion. uses Gripper material to stay on bench without use of ties Gripper material coordinates with the color of the fabric pack of 2 Polyester/cotton with polyester fill; latex bottom. Each measures 15x15x3H. Wipe clean. Made in America.
Transition easily into the next season with these open-toe sandals with wide strap at the ankles. elastic on upper for easy pull on synthetic upper synthetic sole
An asymmetrical neckline and ruching at the shoulder work together to create a sleek and seamless look with our sleeveless sheath dress by Cheslea Rose. boatneck back zip with hook-and-eye 36 length from shoulder lined polyester dry clean only imported
Cuteness comes with the territory when you slip on our high-rise shorts with a five-button waist and destructed styling. 5-pocket styling approx. 2 inseam cotton/Lycra® spandex washable imported
Turn your living space into your own personal retreat with this island-inspired end table featuring a plank-look top and a wicker-style storage basket. solid hardwood construction with a poplar veneer rich brown finish pole, bolt and lock washer joinery large basket for storage beautiful turned feet Measures 23Wx27Dx23H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Imported.
You'll take rugged conditions in stride in this tough boot. Featuring a slip-resistant sole and memory foam sole for comfort, the Warfare Mid WR is ready for anything.   technology flexastride molded memory foam sockliner for maximum comfort   construction water-resistant polyurethane/nubuck upper thermoplastic rubber outsole padded tongue and collar   details lace-up Mark II tested slip-resistant outsole rated ASTM-F1677
These olive plaid suit pants have a season-spanning style in a resilient fabric that won’t get road-weary. And they’re machine washable, too. crease-resistant and resilient fabric classic fit zip fly with button tab and hook-and-eye closure flat front front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets lined to the knee hemmed fabric: wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported
Minimalist and sophisticated, our stretch-knit boatneck sheath dress makes an all-business, professional impression.   polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 39½ length from shoulder petite: 36½ length from shoulder
The beach will never be the same with our Supercloud flip flops that can handle sand and water while keeping your feet comfy. technology extra-soft Supercloud quick-dry footbed technology keeps out moisture lightweight injected EVA outsole construction synthetic upper rubber sole details slip on one piece, foam-cushioned strap  
This grommet-top sheer panel allows natural light in while providing just enough privacy.   gently filters light updated with 1½ grommets in a gunmetal finish buckram in header adds crispness and support to the fabric Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 1 in diameter. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
All-day comfort awaits you with our Dawn hipster panties, styled in a stretchy knit and lovely lace-trimmed silhouette. polyamide/elastane machine wash, dry flat/line dry imported
Featuring a sleek look that perfectly coordinates with a variety of decorating styles, this media chest is a versatile storage solution in any bedroom.   hardwood and MDF construction dark matte finish dowel, bolt and lock washer joinery 2 storage drawers with the appearance of 4 drawers top cubby features 2 holes for cable access Measures 45Wx18Dx34H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
A great accessory, suspenders won't sag or bag and keep everything in place.  1¼ straps polyester lining imported one size
These cotton-rich, argyle crew socks are part of Gold Toe's new G® Collection, designed for discerning men who want the best in style, comfort and construction.   reinforced heel & toe for durability soft yarns for all day comfort spandex for perfect fit single pair cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12½
Our statement-making sleeveless sequin party dress with illusion bust is the perfect outfit for dancing through the night. 28 length from shoulder back zip lined polyester dry clean only imported
Five-pocket skimmer capris from Gloria Vanderbilt have a built-in tummy panel for an always flattering, classic fit. tummy panel flat front classic fit tapered leg mid rise button-and-zip closure 5-pocket styling misses inseam: 17 rinse, antiqua, whitney, phoenix denim: cotton/polyester/spandex pink persimmon, light dandelion, aruba aqua, prism white, dark vanilla twill: cotton/spandex washable imported
This openwork heart pendant necklace is designed with love. Designed to maintain its consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years, this 14K yellow gold necklace is also exceptionally durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking thanks to a patented hardening process. Hypoallergenic and nickel free. Made in America.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 rope chain Pendant Size: 20.82x26.16mm; 2.21mm thick Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
You will love to dream in our ultra-soft and simply sweet short-sleeve nightshirt by Liz Claiborne. placket with fabric-covered buttons shirt-tail hem double jersey knit cotton/polyester washable imported
Pretty flats with irresistible rhinestones make our sandals a favorite for everyday wear. embellished textile upper synthetic lining TPR outsole
What it is: An innovative top coat for layering over any nail color, transforming your manicure into something striking and completely new. What it does: This savvy alternative to your traditional topcoat transforms any nail color with innovative textures and stunning effects. Dabble with color and texture options, or play with dimension by layering over your favorite shades. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- ParabensWhat else you need to know:This polish is a three-free formula.Suggested Usage:-Transforming top coats are meant to be layered over other nail colors. Worn by themselves, they offer sheer-to-medium coverage.-For a fun, modern touch, apply to a single accent nail.-Mattify by painting Mind Over Matter matte top coat over any base color. This matte top coat doubles as a DIY nail art tool. Create dots, stripes, or any trendy design over your base color for a creative look.-For optimal manicure staying power, use in conjunction with the Formula X System (Cleanse, Prime, and Color).-Layer on top of nail color using the Tri-Swipe Application Method: paint one stroke down the middle of the nail from the base to the tip, the second stroke from the center base along one side, and the third stroke from the center base along the opposite side.-For accelerated drying results, apply Formula X Drying Spray or Drops to prevent smudging.Size:0.4 oz
Get the comfort you need to get a great night's rest with this 3 memory foam topper. 3 memory foam adjusts to your body contours to reduce pressure points that can cause tossing and turning disperses body weight evenly helps rejuvenate tired muscles and eases back pain Viscoelastic memory foam. Spot clean. Made in America. Twin: 34x72x3H Full: 50x72x3H Queen: 56x76x3H King: 74x76x3H   Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
The soft velour on this Disney blanket makes it the perfect cuddle companion for your little one. embroidered detailing polyester hand wash imported
Revolutionize your laundry room with this chrome steel ironing board, which offers over-the-door storage for optimum organization. chrome steel construction imported
Featuring comfortable, all-cotton construction and a fun Lego graphic, this easy-match tee is the perfect building block for many great outfits. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
With rustic charm and a sophisticated attitude, this mug brings home traditional style in a classic blue-and-white color palette.   durable stoneware construction textured rim 14-ounce capacity microwave safe Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Our pencil skirt features a slim fit and front slit for a sleek office look. pencil skirt slim fit front slit zipper at side seam 32 length polyester/spandex washable imported
This incredible running watch features 30-lap memory to record your rapidly improving split times, five interval timers to train your lungs for immortality and a convertible display to easily view real time greatness.       Brand: Soleus Dial Color: Gray Strap: Black and yellow plastic Movement: Digital Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 27.8mm Case Thickness: 15.8mm Model No.: SR008-020 Special Features: Stopwatch; alarm; 20-hour chronograph; dual time; 2 alarms; 30-lap memory; 5 interval timers; 30-lap data storage Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Wear our vest for exercise or errands. It features fabric made for sun or rain and day or night and has a hidden pocket for your phone or music device. roundneck zipper front media pocket UV protection water repellant reflective polyester washable imported
Keep summer light and playful with our ultra-cute ruffled tank top with shoulder straps. roundneck shoulder straps cotton/polyester washable imported
The subtle detail of our silk tie will take your look to the next level.  3¼ wide; 58 long 100% silk spot clean imported
Make an event-ready impact with our elegant maxi dress, wrapped up in glittering rhinestone-embellished shoulders for a breath-taking impression. draped back embellished shoulders 56¼ length from shoulder knit polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
This handsome rhodium-plated two-tone 10K gold ring makes a powerful statement and a sophisticated piece that will last a lifetime.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K two-tone gold Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: ChannelDimensions: 11mm wide   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Handy wheeled laptop case will be your favorite traveling companion.   detachable wheels interior pockets hardside exterior for durability Leather. Measures 17x6x13H. Imported.
Add comfort and versatility to your wardrobe by incorporating these mid-rise capri leggings into the mix. 21 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
With an adorable bow and girly pleats, this easy-match skort is perfect for school or play. elastic back outer skirt: cotton/polyester inner shorts: polyester washable imported
Rock on in the retro-cool feel of our take-notice jeggings. 32 inseam 5-pocket styling cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Whether as a solo act or teamed up with a sweater or blouse, our soft, stretchy cami is a must-have.   scoopneck adjustable straps approx. 21½ - 23⅝ long cotton/spandex London pink, Tokyo pink and Shamrocker: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our modern-fit, trouser-leg pants sit at your waist, with a relaxed fit through the hip and thigh, and angled front pockets for a lean and slimming effect.    zip fly with hook-and-bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front slash pockets 2 back faux welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 33 inseam misses short: 31 inseam misses long: 35 inseam petite: 30 inseam petite short: 28 inseam
Metal: Sterling silverStones: 1/5 ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: H-IClarity: I3Setting: ProngGallery Height: 11.3mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Made with easy-care, no-iron fabric, our short-sleeve IZOD shirt is great for casual days at work or home. no-iron fabric short sleeves button front chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Weather the season in sporty style with this slub thermal pullover, featuring a v-notched crewneck and contrasting raglan sleeves. Available in a variety of jeans-friendly colors. crewneck with v-notch long sleeves tarragon lt grey heather, lt grey heather/oatmeal, charcoal/lt grey heather: cotton/polyester all other colors: 100% cotton washable imported  
The ultimate purse in both style and function with several zippered pockets to organize everything that you need. shoulder strap 13 drop synthetic 3 front zipper pockets, 1 secret flap with stash pocket, 2 side gusset pockets and 2 inside easy access pockets inner padded tablet pocket with zipper compartment 11Hx6Wx9D imported
Easy to dress up or down, this dramatic necklace makes a sophisticated statement with its mix of narrow and chunky chains in various polished metal types.   Metal: Gold-tone metal, silver-tone metal and hematiteClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 23 long chains Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
It's all in the details with these sandals featuring a textured look and sweet straps. textile upper adjustable ankle strap textile sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Brighten any room with your sparkle in our v-neck lace sheath dress with scalloped hem. v-neck sleeveless invisible back zip 37½ length from shoulder nylon/metallic/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Add some sophistication to your wardrobe with this pump, which features cutouts, lacing detail and a back zipper. synthetic upper approx. 3¾” heel lacing detail nylon zipper closure rubber sole
Follow your heart straight to the superior comfort and sweet style of our A2 by Aerosoles slide sandals with a wedge heel.   synthetic upper 3¾ wedge heel ¾ platform suede insole flexible rubber sole
With a screw-top lid, adjustable straw and snow globe bottom, this Disney princess dome tumbler adds a touch of magic to her meal times and will quickly become one of her favorites. 17x7½x18 straw with cover topper fits most car cup holders BPA free for ages 3+ AS/PP/PVC globe: liquid/glitter hand wash imported  
Get her looking her warm weather best with this cute floral print dress with a pretty bow at the waist and an adorable coordinated straw hat with sash and bow to finish off this girlie look.   includes dress and hat sleeveless gathered bodice satin band and bow at the waist dress: 100% cotton lining: polyester/cotton hat: straw dress: washable hat: spot clean with damp cloth imported
Built from strong wood, this double dresser will give you plenty of space to store your little one's clothes, toys, or other items and the elegant design and clean, misty-grey finish will look great in any nursery. 6 spacious drawers with euro drawer gliders 48x18x38 assembly required, no tools needed wood imported JPMA Certified. Meet all CPSC regulations.
Our playful print romper makes a current, chic fashion option for your weekday or weekend activities.  v-neck sleeveless approx. 33½ length from shoulder 3 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Let your feet do the walking and the talking on a night out with our wedge espadrilles.technology custom-molded outsole for durability and comfort construction fabric/plastic upper rubber unit synthetic sole details 3½ heel rope-covered heel metal buckle
Everyone will be buzzing over this glittering bee pendant necklace, set in 14K yellow gold over brass and topped with white and black crystals.   Metal: 14k gold over brass Stones: White and black crystals Closure: Spring-ring Dimension: 18″ chain  Pendant Size: 0.67x0.74″   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With a casually sharp style, these twill pants are perfect for school uniforms or dress-up occasions.     .adjustable waist with belt loops .hook and zipper closure for sizes 4-7; button and zipper for 8-20 .two side and two back pockets .cotton .washable .imported
This comforter set features a paisley print in a luxurious oversized design that fits perfectly in your bedroom. classic paisley print in soft blue and khaki luxurious cotton sateen background 4-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Queen sets include standard shams. King sets include king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton shams; polyester/cotton bedskirt. Washable. Imported. Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 60x80 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 78x80
Our jumpsuit features a chest pocket and cinched waistline for a super-cute warm-weather look. scoopneck sleeveless chest pocket cinched waist with drawstring misses: 27 inseam  talls: 30 long rayon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
With a stylish, stitch-embellished vamp and memory foam footbed, these slick dress shoes ensure that at the end of the day, your feet feel as great as they look. synthetic upper slip on elastic twin gore cushioned insole sock with memory foam padded heel collar synthetic sole
The right mix of colors make your look pop, like the bold hues on this silk tie from Van Heusen.   3¼“ wide silk spot clean imported
Sure to brighten up any space, this adorable wall art coordinates well with all kinds of décor options for your little one’s room. measures 10x10” MDF wipe clean with dry cloth imported
Designed with a seamless toe, these dress socks offer all-day comfort.   soft and luxurious feel better fit with spandex seamless toe reinforced heel and toe for lasting wear antimicrobial treatment helps to inhibit odor rayon from bamboo/polyester/spandex (exclusive of elastic) washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6½-12  
Set the scene for a wintry wonderland with this red leather strap watch. The dial is adorned with a colorful tree, gifts and snowflakes. Packaged in a box for easy gift giving. Made in America.   Brand: Whimsical Watches Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Red leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 38.1mm Case Thickness: 3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 10 long; 16mm wide Model No.: U-1220002 Special Features: Scratch-resistant glass   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Focus on your sport, not the temperature in this stretch-easy thermal crewneck tee. Featuring thermo-regulating fabric and moisture-wicking technology, this multi-purpose insulating base layer will keep you dry, warm and comfortable during your colder-weather outings. level 2 rating: designed for colder-weather conditions moisture-management system wicks moisture away from the skin Zeomax™ technology kills bacteria and absorbs odor thermo regulating adds warmth without causing overheating fitted crewneck long sleeves Realtree Xtra camo print performance stretch fabric polyester/spandex washable imported  
Whatever your weekend outing, you'll be perfectly dressed in our stretch twill bermuda shorts. 2 front slant, 2 back flap pockets misses: 10 1/2 inseam petite: 9 1/2 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Take to the court in these colorful crew socks from Nike, featuring moisture-wicking performance and a foot-specific fit.   dri-FIT® moisture technology wicking keeps feet cool and dry foot strike cushioning arch compression for perfected fit reinforced heel & toe for durability left/right-specific design for a better fit  arch compression reinforced heel and toe polyester/nylon/cotton/spandex washable imported
Effortlessly sort toy cars, building blocks, action figures, craft supplies and more with this useful storage organizer and its colorful plastic bins. sturdy MDF frame natural finish 12 removable containers in varying sizes includes safety mount hardware to secure unit to wall and help avoid tipping MDF/plastic/steel. Measures 33¼x13x36H. Wipe clean. Assembly required. Imported.
A buddy your child needs for cuddling, yes? Yoda pillow buddy is the thing they need for comfort! shaped like Yoda this pillow is adds an extra layer of detail and texture to bedding measures 10 x 8 x 17high Polyester. Spot clean. Imported.
An eye-catching gemstone is beautifully bordered by sparkling white sapphires for a look that will impress. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: 9mm lab-created blue sapphire, lab-created ruby, lab-created pink sapphire, genuine amethyst or genuine blue topazOther Stones: Lab-created white sapphiresSetting: Prong Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Sheer Caress pantyhose with Sheerest Support leg gently encourages circulation and helps prevent leg fatigue.   sheer toe control top 3 pair pack knit in waistband nylon/Lycra® spandex panty and leg cotton/nylon panty liner machine wash
Get great sound and dynamic performance right out of the box with this drum set that has everything your musician needs to start on the road to greatness. poplar shells and flanged hoops includes stick bag, Pearl Drum poster and 2 pairs of drumsticks hardware included: boom cymbal stand, hi-hat stand, snare stand, bass drum pedal, throne and tom holder easy to use right out of the box metal alloy/wood/mylar wipe clean 50x46x46H assembly required; key tool included imported 4-piece set includes: 18x12 bass drum 10x7 tom 14x10 floor tom 13x5 snare
Sparkle up some romance in heart-shaped cubic zirconia drop earrings set in 14K gold.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: Cubic zirconia Setting: Prong Back: Leverback  Dimensions: 6.98x23.31mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Sleek diagonal cuts and milgrain borders catch the light on this stunning, sterling silver wedding band.   Metal: Sterling silver Width: 4mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.    
Your little girl will love wearing this pink Minnie Mouse dress every chance she gets.   Disney Collection only at JCPenney polyester shorts: cotton hand wash, line dry imported
Keep him cool and looking good in a performance polo that keeps up with every move.   ribbed collar side vents moisture wicking fabric polyester washable imported
Her poolside style will make a splash in our darling racerback swimsuit. nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Not only do they look and feel great, our sporty athletic shoes were designed to give him a full range of motion while providing excellent response upon ground contact. construction nylon mesh upper EVA/rubber sole details Velcro® closure with faux lacing side-quarter caging for midfoot support rubber outsole pods for traction
Our leggings are an essential part of any wardrobe, easy to layer with and comfortable to wear. elastic waistband approx. 28 inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Our Stafford easy-care dress shirt is a wardrobe staple featuring our commitment to quality and wearability. easy care performance point collar chest pocket adjustable cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
These relaxed-fit cargo shorts from Arizona feature a plaid print for that pop of prep mom loves. 6-pocket styling button-and-zip closure cotton washable imported  
A symphony of color and sparkle, this stunning crystal eternity ring drips with bold, beautiful color.   Metal: Silver-plated metal Stones: Multicolor Crystals Gallery Height: .125 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our peasant blouse with soft, free-flowing flutter sleeves will be a style maker for any ensemble this season. roundneck elbow sleeve 30-31¼ length polyester washable imported
This lightweight jersey-knit raglan hoodie is the perfect addition to his stylish wardrobe. long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Suit up in sophisticated style with the crisp, clean lines of Stafford's black stripe suit pants.   flat front 100% wool lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Brand: Disney CollectionDial Color: WhiteStrap: Blue nylonClasp: Hoop and loopMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 30mCase Width: 32mmCase Thickness: 9mmBracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long; 16mm wideModel No.: W003093Special Features: Easy reader   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With 12 card slots, 6 pockets and room for your checks, this zip-around wallet is an easy way to access all your cash and money. top zip closure black, green: synthetic; polyester lining all other colors: synthetic; polyester/rayon lining 1 interior zip pocket, 12 card slots, 2 check slots, 4 slide pockets, 1 cell pocket 4.13(H) x 7.43(W) x 1(D) imported
These platform wedge sandals will make you look fabulous with the laser-cut detailed strap across the ankle. synthetic upper 5.1 heel buckle entry rubber sole   CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
The cute cut of our Stylus cropped pants gives your look an update.   approx. 30 unrolled, 27½ rolled cotton/spandex washable imported
The sweet sophistication of a genuine opal surrounded by diamonds lends luxurious beauty to all of your outfits.   Metal: 10K white gold Stones: 6x6mm round genuine opal Other Stones: 1/10 ct. t.w. round diamonds           Setting: Prong   Diamond total carat weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Show off your pride for your favorite baseball team with these comfortable boat shoes featuring the iconic colors of the Detroit Tigers. technology Ortholite® comfort insole with patented moisture and odor control construction canvas upper rubber sole details lace up 1⅛ heel inner lining log embroidered heel logo supportive heel cup and shank
Game-winning style comes easy with this sporty tee featuring a Just Do It basketball graphic on soft, lightweight cotton construction crewneck design for comfortable fit ribbed neckline helps the tee stay in place rolled forward shoulder seams increase range of motion short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported             
Symbolize your love with this high-polish cobalt wedding band, which features striking accents of 10K yellow gold and black resin. Metal: Cobalt and 10K yellow goldDimensions: 7x2.5mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
She’ll love the long-sleeve comfort of this fitted polo shirt.   long sleeves 3-button placket fitted side slit cotton/polyester washable imported
Durable and ready for anything, the Nike low-cut socks deliver comfort and impact protection during the heat of competition.   package includes 6 pairs (4 black swoosh/2 gray swoosh) rib cuffs reinforced heel and toe for enhanced durability in high-wear areas cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Compatible with most adjustable bases, this plush mattress promotes a balanced sleep temperature and features a thick layer of pillowy foam to give you ample cushioning for your entire body. 725 individually wrapped coil system with Total Edge® foam encasement quilted topper features Cool Balance® fabric for temperature control Fireblocker® fiber layer adds fire resistance Pillo-Fill® layer helps maintain airflow 1 PillowSoft™ foam layer adds extra comfort insulator pad provides additional temperature regulation ½ Cool Twist™ gel memory foam layer keeps the mattress cool additional 2 PillowSoft layer creates even more plushness 1 support foam layer adds extra support and firmness Cover is polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Includes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring option also available. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x74½x12H; 432 coil count Twin XL: 38x79½x12H; 464 coil count Full: 53x74½x12H; 594 coil count Queen: 60x79½x12H; 725 coil count King: 76x79½x12H; 928 coil count Cal. King: 72x83½x12H; 930 coil count
The tropical styling of these Arizona swim trunks makes them perfect for any beach or pool party.   elastic waist with drawstring 6 1/2 inseam side pockets back pocket polyester washable imported
Our tank top features a fun graphic print and is reversible, giving you two tops for the price of one. scoopneck reversible 24 length cotton/polyester washable imported
Whether you are dressing up or going casual, this striped maternity dress is comfortable and perfect for any occasion. scoopneck sleeveless 37 front length; 35.5 back length polyester/rayon/spandex washable made in America of imported fabrics
Looking for a comfortable jean with extra room at the thigh but still want a modern, tailored style? Look no further!  Levi's® 541™ Athletic Fit Jeans sit just above the hips, have extra room in the seat and thighs, and a slightly tapered leg opening.  With added stretch they give you extra comfort with every move, so you never have to give up comfort to have style.      matching big & tall web id: 5834503 sits at waist straight fit; roomy in seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling tapered from knee to ankle; 15¾“ opening stealth: 65% cotton/33% polyester/2% elastane lake merritt: 92% cotton/7% polyester/1% elastane rigid dragon, blue canyon and kings canyon: 99% cotton/1% elastane all other colors: 98% cotton/2% elastane washable imported
This crisp sweater vest is a classy look for the classroom or elsewhere.   sleeveless v neck acrylic machine wash imported
Make family time around the table more fun and relaxing with Twillo Gripper® cushions with Spill Guard® fabric protection.   slip-resistant latex backing eliminates the need for string ties Spill Guard® fabric protection repels liquids and minimizes stains available in a great selection of mix-and-match colors Twillo XL universal chair cushion is polyester with recycled polyester filling and a latex foam/polyester back. Measures 17Wx17Dx3H. Spot clean. Made in America.
Inspired by classic European seating, these dining chairs showcase ample tufting, plush cushioning and intricately carved wood legs.   solid hardwood frame finger-joint joinery cushions filled with upholstery foam naturally finished legs each has a 250-pound weight capacity set of 2 Upholstery is 90% polyester/10% linen. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 20Wx22Dx34H with an 18 seat height. Imported.
With retro charm and a boho feel, you've got your summer look nailed down in our swim cover-up. scoopneck with tie and keyhole long sleeves crochet trim approx. 32½ length rayon hand wash, tumble dry imported
Give your look more laidback appeal with this woven shirt and its solid design. big and tall fit spread collar button front chest pocket long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Keep even your most casual outfits up to date with these contemporary flats featuring laser-cut detailing. construction synthetic upper rubber sole details ½ heel slip on latex comfort footbed 
Stafford’s soft and warm microfleece sleep pants offer the ultimate in bedtime comfort.   elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets flat front polyester washable imported
Set the stage for show-stopping charm with our delightful striped and belted party dress. scoopneck sleeveless belt included back  zipper approx. 36¾ length from shoulder polyester lining: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
This sparkly pendant necklace focuses on one of the endangered species of animals.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Multicolor crystal accents Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 18 long cable chain Pendant Size: 22.38x29.52mm long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. Your purchase of this product benefits the principle partners of R.O.A.R., Animal Planet's project to help make the world a better place for animals. AnimalPlanet.com/ROAR
Our Danny & Nicole fit-and-flare dress is a party favorite that will have you excitedly awaiting your next invite. roundneck with keyhole and bar sleeveless back zipper approx. 36½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Flanked by stainless steel with elegant milgrain edging, this polished men’s band boasts a rich gold center with honeycomb texture. You’ll appreciate the virtues of a comfort fit—easy on-and-off and an agreeable feel.   Metal: 14K yellow gold; stainless steel Width: 8mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring a nonstick soleplate and anti-slip heel that keeps it from tipping over when upright, this iron steams through troublesome wrinkles with ease.   3-way automatic shutoff can be used vertically or horizontally 10-ounce water tank Plastic/metal. Hand wash. Imported.
Keep your food fresh longer with this vacuum seal canister set. The vacuum pump is easy to use—just pump to remove air then press and turn to vacuum seal. When you're ready to see what's inside, simply push to release vacuum.   patented vacuum seal technology keeps food fresher up to 2x longer BPA free will not stain or absorb odors superior seal locks out moisture and air store wet or dry foods perfect for everyday use or long-term storage while you travel refrigerator, freezer and microwave safe shatter and scratch resistant stackable for convenient storage 6-piece set includes: 32-ounce canister and lid 64-ounce canister and lid 103-ounce canister and lid Plastic. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
With genuine denim, you'll love our easy-to-wear roll-cuff cropped pants. straight leg mid rise 5-pocket styling 24 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Organize all your essentials and still have room to spare with the oversized styling and 3 exterior pockets on our large crossbody bag. crossbody strap, 21¼ drop top snap closure synthetic/fabric; polyester lining 3 exterior zipper pockets interior zipper pocket on back wall, 2 slip pockets on front wall 13½(H) x 12(W) x 3¾(D) imported
Built to deliver flexibility, these athletic pants have you covered for your toughest workouts. compression fit elastic waistband polyester washable imported
Keep her little tootsies cushioned and comfortable in our soft crocheted booties. rolled cuffs 100% cotton washable imported
Wear it with the full suit or separately for a more casual look, this vest brings variety to your workday style. big and tall fit 5-button front 2 exterior pockets wool/polyester/spandex dry clean only imported
Our handmade, blown glass champagne flutes are the essence of elegance that are perfect for entertaining guests. hand blown by glass artisans in Krosno, Poland annealed for sturdiness and durability polished for clarity and brightness includes 4 champagne flutes soda-lime glass 9.5H; 4-oz. capacity microwave and dishwasher safe imported
This faux-leather decorative pillow is rich in dark hues to make it a fitting piece for any rustic or casual decor. form fitting thick faux-leather texture railroad topstitch detail hidden zipper knife edge removable slipcover for easy care polyester/spandex with polyester insert 21x21 washable imported
Our top features cold shoulders and ruffles for an ultra-femme look that's perfect for a night on the town. scoopneck short sleeves cold shoulders 24 front length rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Featuring plush cushioning, sloped arms and beautiful button tufting, this accent chair stands out with its subtle tonal diamond pattern.   hardwood and plywood frame espresso finish glued, stapled and corner-blocked joinery high-density foam cushioning kiln-dried birch legs 250-pound weight capacity Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 30Wx34Wx33H overall with a 20 seat height, 22 seat depth and 13 seat back height. Assembly required. Made in America.
Elevate your look with our multipurpose boots. Superior insulation and a waterproof finish take on all kinds of weather. synthetic upper 13 shaft height decorative metal buckle waterproof Thermolite insole insulation rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size. 
This tote is spacious enough to hold all your daily essentials whether you're off to work or out with friends. double top handles, 9 drop top zip closure synthetic exterior slip pocket interior zip pocket 10½x17¾x5½D imported
Three rows of genuine amethysts are interrupted by a cross-section of lab-created white sapphires on this mega-stunning sterling silver ring.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 2x2mm round genuine amethysts Other Stones: Round lab-created white sapphires Setting: Prong Dimensions: 13.5x22mm   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our keyhole glitter dress lets you shine like the star you are with a figure-flattering embrace. crewneck with keyhole and jewel detail long sleeves center back zipper approx 40 length from shoulder polyester/Lurex/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat made in America of imported fabric RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.    
What it is:A color-rich, vibrant, easy-to-use liner with staying power.What it does:Obsessed with Smudge Pots? You'll go crazy for Smudge Sticks! This highly pigmented, waterproof eyeliner glides on to deliver intense, vibrant color with staying power. Soft, smooth, and easy on the eyes, Stila Smudge Stick Waterproof Eye Liner creates a high metallic, sultry, inky intensity that lasts.Suggested Usage:-Apply this innovative, flexible formula to your upper and lower lash lines, or use your fingers to smudge into a shadow.-Once it sets, the soft, modern finish won't move or crease.-No sharpener necessary, simply twist and apply the instant color-release formula for fuss-free, fade-proof pigment.Size:0.01 ozIngredients:​Isododecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Peg/Ppg-19/19 Dimethicone, Synthetic Wax, Hydrogenated Polydicyclopentadiene, Nylon-12, C20-40 Alcohols, Perfluorononyl Dimethicone, Silica, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Polyglyceryl-4 Diisostearate/Polyhydroxystearate/Sebacate, Polyethylene, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopherol, May Contain (+/-) Mica, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Bronze Powder (Ci 77400), Ferric Ferrocyanide (Ci 77510), Chromium Oxide Greens (Ci 77288), Aluminum Powder (Ci 77000) .
Garner admiring glances in our flattering tie-back halter top for a pop of cheeky style. sleeveless halter neckline 28 front length rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Pretty florals and ruffles lend charm to this darling embroidered top and bloomers set. includes cap-sleeve top and bloomers top: embroidered yoke, fully lined, back-button closure bottom: tiered ruffle, cinched waist 100% cotton washable imported 
Classic bikini panties in a soft stretch cotton blend will keep you comfortably covered and confident throughout the day. soft heather cotton blended with polyester and spandex provides great stretch for a great fit non-binding waist and leg construction anchors the garment to the body and provides all-day comfort and freedom from elastics full rear coverage maintains modesty and guarantees no ride up tagless midnight black, star white: cotton/spandex all other colors: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported manufacturer's style #18315
Show off your feminine side with our floral print cold-shoulder dress and you'll be sure to get noticed. scoopneck short sleeves approx. 34⅝-36¼ length from shoulder cotton/Modal® washable imported
Give her the kind of jeggings that go far in her mix-and-match wardrobe.   polyester/spandex washable imported
Touch up any room with this floral damask-inspired decorative pillow that helps create a colorful atmosphere. embroidered floral pattern reverses to solid solid cord trim measures 18x18 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Mug makes everything taste better. Perfect for beer, iced tea or water.  Mug: beveled silhouette weighted bottom smooth handle 22-oz. capacity 8x3¼ hand blown glass dishwasher-safe made in USA Get it personalized for FREE: may be engraved with single initial
What it is: A collection of cooling, color-correcting face primers that helps boost brightness and reduce the look of dark spots. What it does: These cooling, color-correcting face primers instantly neutralize imperfections and recharge the skin for a refreshed and revitalized look. Aloe aids in soothing and calming skin, while the caffeine delivers antioxidant benefits to skin. Just use the Use Discoloration Corrector to help even out the appearance of dark spots and the Dullness Corrector to increase brightness.Suggested Usage: -Wear alone or apply under foundation to help extend makeup wear.Size:0.05 ozIngredients:Water, Dipropylene Glycol, Sodium Stearate, Sodium Chloride, Caprylyl Glycol, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Butylene Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Sodium Hyaluronate, Zinc Gluconate, Magnesium Aspartate, Caffeine, Copper Gluconate, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain (+/-): Mica, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140), Ultramarines (Ci 77007).
Contrasting colors, soft fabric and a standout chest pocket make this short-sleeve henley a must-have addition to any laid-back style. crewneck short sleeves chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
    Let your wild side show in this fun animal picture frame that’s sure to catch some attention.   4x6 photo insert easel back with hangers attached display horizontally   Resin. Measures 5.875x1.25x8.625H overall. Imported.  
Featuring a modern plaque buckle and reversible design, this JF J. Ferrar casual belt is sure to be a versatile favorite. 1 wide bonded leather (leather/synthetic) hand wash/dry flat imported  
Move with ease even in the cold in our tech fleece tights from Champion, designed to keep you warm without weighing you down. Duofold Warm Control for warmth without weight moisture management technology will help keep you dry stretch fabric for ease of movement chafe-resistant flatlock seaming elastic waistband polyester/spandex washable imported
Energize your footwear collection with these comfy athletic socks, boasting bright, multicolor stripes. cotton/polyester/nylon/rubber/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12
The popover top adds a cute detail to our sleeveless bodycon dress. roundneck center back zipper 34¼-37 length from shoulder polyester/spandex; polyester lining washable imported
Two tones of distressed finishes highlight the antique styling of these end tables. Best of all, they nest neatly to save space.   solid MDF and hardwood construction with a cathedral cherry veneer antique black finish on base; natural brown finish on top joined with wood dowels, bolts and lock washers 2-piece set includes: large end table small end table Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Imported. Large table: 18Wx24Dx24H Small table: 13Wx20Dx20H
This eye-catching princess-cut diamond ring is a fresh new interpretation of a classic 3-stone design. With a full carat of dazzling diamonds, including a 3/8 carat center stone and a shank embellished with pave-set round diamonds, this exquisite ring gives her all the sparkle she's ever dreamed of.   Metal: 14K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. princess-cut and round diamonds Color: I Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong and pave Gallery Height: 6.14mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.    
The quick dry feature of this performance polo will keep you comfortable all day. quick dry 2-button placket spread collar all colors: polyester washable imported
true This counter depth French-door refrigerator from Samsung delivers a built-in look and lots of food storage flexibility. An automatic ice maker keeps ice on demand while proprietary Twin Cooling System® cools air separately for the for the refrigerator and freezer. This means higher humidity levels in the refrigerator, keeping produce fresher, and less humidity in the freezer, lowering the chances of freezer burn. automatic filtered ice maker control panel features digital display and temperature control Twin Cooling System® maintains cooling air for the refrigerator and freezer separately 3 tempered glass shelves 1 dairy bin 2 humidity-controlled crispers 2 one-gallon door bins 5.72 cu. ft. capacity freezer EZ-Open™ handle allows for easy opening and closing of a fully loaded freezer 22 cu. ft. capacity counter depth design allows for more workable space in the kitchen LED lighting gently brightens the interior alarm alerts you when any refrigerator door is left ajar available in black, white, stainless steel or stainless platinum 3-door French door refrigerator with 2 fresh food doors, one freezer door and ice maker
You will look pretty in pleats with our maxi dress, further detailed with an accent at the neck and removable chain belt. ●    halter neck●    sleeveless●    zipper closure●    57 length from shoulder●    lined●    polyester●    machine wash, line dry●    imported  
The H2O+ Circle Triple Filter replacement pack includes the sediment, pre-carbon plus and post-carbon block filters for maximum filtration. plastic 2.75x2.75x11.25H imported
Keep your home protected the easy way with these miniature security alarms featuring a magnetic sensor that detects the opening of a protected window. on/off switch allows you to open protected objects without the alarm sounding easy wireless installation great for windows, doors and cabinets includes 2-sided tape for mounting set of 8 Plastic. Each measures 1¾x2½x1H. Requires three “LR44” button cell batteries, included. 
With delightful details like pleats and colorblocking, our Liz Claiborne sleeveless dress is an impactful treat.   roundneck sleeveless side zipper approx. 44 length from shoulder lined polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Add a lightweight layer of warmth to any outfit with our soft and plush polar fleece vest. zip front front pockets polyester washable imported misses: approx. 26⅝ - 28½ front length petite: approx. 23 - 25 front length 
Find your bit of everyday luxury in these vintage-inspired drop earrings, featuring lab-created rubies and diamond accents.   Metal: 18K gold over brass Stones: 6x4mm lab-created rubies Other Stones: Diamond accents Back: Wire Dimensions: 12x35mm long Some diamonds consist of fewer than 17 facets. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Dockers twill cargos offer lots of pocket room–and 8-oz. cotton comfort–in your size.   classic fit modern comfort waistband zip front with button closure front slash pockets side zipper pocket back pockets with button-through flaps and decorative stitching wing and anchor logo embroidery cotton washable imported
A basic layering piece in a variety of colors, our St. John’s Bay tank top sets the tone for the rest of your wardrobe no matter the season.   roundneck cotton washable imported  
Indispensable wrinkle resistant and machine washable pants, with a hidden expandable waistline, offer year-round wear in colors that go with any season.   hidden expandable waistband for ease of movement wrinkle-resistant machine washable big & tall fit with slight fullness in seat and hip; thigh has additional room double-pleated front 4 pockets button closure with hook-and-eye straight leg cuffed polyester/viscose washable imported more sizes in big
He'll be the true king of the ocean with our blue shark print swim trunks. elastic waist with drawstring closure side pocket with hook and loop closure relaxed fit mesh brief liner shell: polyester/spandex lining: polyester washable imported
Time is beautiful when you wear our stunning women's watch with crystal accents along the band. More sparkling crystals adorn the mother-of-pearl dial and bezel to create a style you'll turn to often. Brand: Relic® Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Accents: Clear crystals Strap: Rose-tone metal Clasp: Folding buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 10mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7 long; 16mm wide Model No.: ZR34351 Special Features: Crystal accents, mother-of-pearl dial   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Crafted for comfort and coziness, this elegant roll-arm chair converts to a stylish sleeping solution in mere seconds.   solid wood frame glued-and-pinned joinery steel innerspring coil system cushions filled with upholstery foam plastic feet includes an accent pillow Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 37Wx35Wx35H with a 16 seat height. Imported.
The tonal stripes of this sheer waterfall valance add instant sophistication to any space.   trimmed with braid and beads rod-pocket styling for simple installation gently filters light use alone or layer with other window treatments Measures 37x19L. Sold individually (three shown). Hang on a rod up to 2 in diameter. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
Get back to basics and look sharper than ever in this short-sleeve polo shirt, which features a 2-button placket and a sleek striped style. flat collar 100% cotton washable imported
Infuse tropical flair into any day with this floral print shift dress from Bonnie Jean. sleeveless ruffled shoulders back-zip closure polyester machine wash, line dry imported 
Our a.n.a® boyfriend pants have that familiar feel and the comfort you want with a modern look in a cropped and rolled hem. straight leg approx. 26 length cotton/spandex washable imported  
As classic as a little black dress or a pair of jeans, these thin hoop earrings in silver-tone metal are a staple that every woman needs in her style arsenal.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Back: Hinged Dimensions: 1.18x1.15”H Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Her favorite cutie collectibles gather on this graphic tee to sweeten her day. 100% cotton washable imported
true Stock up and store everything you need with the ultra capacity of this 28 cu. ft. refrigerator. The Slim SpacePlus® ice system helps conserve shelf space while the Door-in-Door™ design provides more useable space and easy access to your family’s favorites. ENERGY STAR® qualified integrated tall water and ice dispenser provides convenient access for large glasses and pitchers Slim SpacePlus® ice system produces 6.8 pounds of ice daily and 7.3 pounds with a boost from the IcePlus™ feature while conserving shelf space Smart Cooling Plus™ technology maintains optimal temperature and humidity levels allowing food to stay fresher longer 4 split (3 fixed/1 folding) shelves made of Spill Protector™ tempered glass make storing taller items, access and clean up easier includes 2 humidity crispers and 1 Glide N’ Serve™ bonus drawer for added storage, smooth access and the freshest fruits and vegetables EasyReach™ bins on doors keep food accessible pull drawer bottom freezer features a 2 drawer design with dividers for easy-to-find frozen food storage 28.5 cu. ft. total capacity LED lighting on ceiling and sides delivers premium illumination alarm alerts you when door is left open sleek design elements such as contoured doors, hidden hinges and a modern finish make it a beautiful addition to any kitchen décor 3-door French door bottom freezer refrigerator has two fresh food doors and one freezer door
Ultra-soft construction lends daydream-worthy appeal to our short-sleeve top and shorts pajama set. includes short-sleeve top and shorts top: roundneck shorts: 4½ long cotton/Modal®/spandex washable imported
This dual-zone wine cellar is one of the most advanced N'FINITY designs ever. With a sleek and sexy design, it's sure to light up and beautify any room it's in. charcoal filters help to maintain the proper relative humidity levels for long term storage and also ensure that only fresh air is circulated throughout the cabinet wood-trim shelves roll out 90% of the way allowing for easy viewing of all the bottles on each shelf display shelf option lets you accentuate some of the finest bottles in your collection advanced LED multicolor display lighting—set to blue, red or alternate touchscreen controls on LED door display digital thermostatic control UV-tinted, dual-pane glass door with stainless steel trim 166-bottle capacity Metal/wood/glass. Measures 23¾x29¼x69¾H. Wipe clean. Imported. 
Perfect for keeping small spaces clutter-free, this handsome ottoman features a button-tufted top and ample storage.   solid hardwood frame finger-joint joinery cushion filled with upholstery foam spacious interior storage compartment with hinged lid espresso-finished wood legs 250-pound weight capacity Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 31Wx31Dx19H. Assembly required. Imported.
With UPF protection, easy care and moisture absorption, the PGA Tour women's golf performance woven skort fits your performance and style needs to a tee. SunFlux 50 protects skin from harmful rays DriFlux moisture absorption elastic waistband 3-pocket styling 17 outer skirt length polyester washable imported
Step-up her spring look with this adorable dress featuring an all-over floral print, skirt with sheer overlay and topped off with pink blooming rosette on the waist. roundneck sleeveless polyester machine wash, line dry imported
With enough pockets to carry anything he needs, these cotton cargo shorts are practical and comfortable. 2-front pockets 2-back pockets with flap 2-cargo pockets with flap zipper closure 100% cotton washable imported
The Hickory Series offers rugged good looks while providing years of weather protection to your beloved Kamado grill and side table. durable, woven polyester with laminated polyvinyl chloride backing Weather10™ fabric ensures water-resistance large air vents reduce mildew-causing moisture and prevents wind lofting buckled straps with adjustable elastic hem cord for secure fit padded handles are comfortable to easily remove cover Weather Leather trim looks authentic and classic designed to fit x-large Kamado ceramic grills with side table up to 27(DIA)x45H (X-Large Big Green Egg®) heavy-duty nonwoven polypropylene lining 6P-free and EU REACH compliant clean with soft brush and warm water imported Measure your furniture based on the illustrations.Select a cover that's slightly larger in length (L) and width (W), length (L) and depth (D) or diameter (DIA) than your furniture.The height of your cover has not been designed to completely cover legs or wheels.
Featuring a modern floral pattern, this 3-piece cushion set can bring any outdoor wicker seating arrangement to life.   4 thickness for comfort set includes 3 cushions Polyester. Wipe clean with damp cloth. Made in America. 2 chair cushions: 18x18x4H Settee cushion: 44x18x4H
The Resa junior reversible belt makes a great all-around choice. Simply switch from brown to black to suit the occasion.   reversible 1¼ wide fine milled grain cowhide lined on bonded leather swivel buckle in gunmetal finish spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Step up your casualwear style with the functional-yet-fashionable accents of our cargo skimmer capri pants. relaxed fit mid rise button-and-zip fly closure misses: 17 inseam petite: 15 inseam cotton/other washable imported
Bring a look of lavish luxury into your bedroom with our Liz Claiborne Belaire valance. With a plush jacquard pattern, this lush valance is a lovely addition to any bedroom. textured jacquard pattern rod-pocket styling ½ piping lined for an enhanced weight and feel Measures 54x17L. Sold individually. Curtain panels sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Top and back are polyester; bottom is cotton/polyester. Washable. Imported. 
Warm up his sporty style with these comfy, tricot pants. covered elastic waist with drawstring zip-up pockets zip-up ankles contrast side panels tricot fabric polyester washable imported
Simply stunning, ¼ ct. t.w. round diamond stud earrings are perfect for virtually any fashion mood. Prong set in 14K yellow gold for amazing shimmer. Made in America. Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: H-I Clarity: I1 Setting: Prong Back: Screwback Dimensions: 3.2x3.4mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
An asymmetrical hemline and cold-shoulder styling on our sweet top will keep your style from becoming predictable. 27 length polyester/ machine wash, line dry imported
The blinged-up straps on our T-strap sandals are sure to put a pep in your step. polyurethane low, flat heel buckle ankle strap synthetic sole spot clean imported
Baby becomes more part of the dinner table with this booster seat that straps onto one of your chairs. Start with the tray for infant feeding, then progress to just using the booster seat right up to the table for toddlers.   2-level height adjustment 3-position full-size tray 3-point restraint system straps secure booster to chair ultra-compact folding design for storage and portability for babies 6 months up to 33 lbs. fully assembled 17x12x13.5H plastic and fabric dishwasher safe tray; washable seat pad made in America
Our tee is comfy enough to travel along wherever the draft might take you. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Get ready for a new favorite pair of shoes with our slide sandals and their custom cushioned footbed and super-flex outsole for all day comfort.   polyurethane upper adjustable Velcro™ strap custom cushioned EVA footbed super flex rubber sole
Let her flip-flop around with her favorite princess in these flip flops featuring Sofia graphics and a 3-D mesh rosette with large faceted jewel in center for an ultimate feel of royalty. Coordinates with Disney swimwear for girls, sold separately.   glitter strap (size 7/8 has elastic back strap) screen-printed graphics PVC upper plastic sole
This vegetable bowl is a daily dinnerware essential you just can't do without. It's the ideal piece for serving a delicious array of dishes to accompany your entrée.   elegant contemporary look great for serving vegetables, fruit salad, pasta and more constructed of durable stoneware Stoneware. Measures 10 in diameter. Dishwasher and microwave safe. Imported.
No need to compromise style for comfort—crinkle leather and a pretty pleating overlay on our elegant slingback pumps will keep you looking your best.   technology Soft Delight™ comfort system construction synthetic upper rubber sole details slingback pump pleating and ornament details Soft Style® is a Hush Puppies Company.  
Bedtime gets adventurous in these comfy Avengers-themed pajama pants elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
A chicly belted waistline is a must for your on-trend look with this stunning dress belt option from Liz Claiborne. inlayed buckle detail 1 wide polyurethane/cotton spot clean only imported
Bursting from the center with a beautiful paisley print outlined with grosgrain ribbon and stripes on the side, this oblong decorative pillow will add a unique look to your bed.   knife-edge finish removable cover hidden-zipper closure measures 20x12” Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
What it is: A mini eye shadow palette with eight versatile matte shades, including stay-put shadows that double as liner to brow powders and go on as shadows. What it does: This petite palette has eight matte wet/dry shades that can be used as liner, shadow, or brow powder for any lookfrom understated to amped up. Featuring a step-by-step guide for six eye and five brow shapes, it’s everything you need for creating eye looks on the go. This palette contains: - 8 x 0.35 oz Matte wet/dry eye shadow in Vanilla, Wheat, Grounded, Rosehip, Desert, Earthy, Canyon, Haze - Step-by-step guideSuggested Usage: -Amp up your eyes with the step-by-step guide for six eye and five brow shapes.
These fashionable white-on-white hi-top athletic shoes have and old-school basketball feel to make you feel instantly cool. canvas/cotton upper lace up vulcanized rubber sole double stitched for durability hi top construction with side stripe
You'll love cooking Rachael Ray's fast delicious recipes with her hard-anodized nonstick skillet. It combines quality performance with her trademark flair and practicality. hard-anodized construction heats swiftly and evenly interior is coated in durable nonstick for impeccable food release grippy handle is rubberized for comfort and dual riveted for strength oven safe to 350ºF Aluminum. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Warm-weather style has an easy feel with our white shorts from Arizona, featuring a great fit and a raw hem.●    shank and zipper closure●    low rise●    belt loops●    5 pockets●    3½ inseam●    cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Our woven pintuck pants have a relaxed fit and elastic waist to help keep your weekends comfortable. relaxed fit pintuck at front panel elastic waist with drawstring contrast color at top of waistband side-seam pockets ombré taping at side seams 28½ inseam polyester washable imported
Tri-tone metals and an abundant metal tassel highlight this layered necklace that also features charms significant to the wearer.   Metal: Silver-tone, copper-tone and brass-tone metals Stones: Glass stones Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 26 rolo and curb chains with 3 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Organize your accessories in style with this set of printed bins featuring a chic pattern and colorful lining.   charming, colorful two-tone design sturdy construction with tapered sides easy to access and store pack of 2 Polyester poplin fabric. Bins measure10x11¾x12H and 13x11¾x12H. Wipe clean with a dry cloth. Imported.
true With simple elegance, this classic French door refrigerator from Samsung will add a touch of style to any kitchen – and has plenty of room fro almost all your groceries. Featuring Twin Cooling Plus™, your produce stays fresh frozen food is protected from freezer burn. And for food that needs a little extra care … the CoolSelect Pantry™ can be customized as you need it. ENERGY STAR® qualified automatic filtered ice maker with removable ice caddy water filter: HAF-CIN/EXP digital control panel with LED display for easy adjustments Twin Cooling Plus™ cools refrigerator and freezer compartments independently to help produce stay fresher, longer and reduce the chances of freezer burn 5 tempered glass spill-proof shelves 1 full-width CoolSelect Pantry™ with separate temperature control 2 humidity-controlled crispers 6 three-gallon door bins 8.0 cu. ft. freezer capacity 26 cu. ft. total capacity high-efficiency LED lighting delivers brighter, cooler and more energy-efficient lighting alarm alerts you when any refrigerator door is open more than 2 minutes available in black, white, stainless steel and stainless platinum 3 door French door refrigerator with 2 fresh food doors, one freezer door and ice maker
true Prepare and heat your meals to perfection every time with this microwave oven with sensor cooking controls that automatically adjusts time and power. Chef Connect lets you easily sync clocks and range burners with your microwave's surface light and vent for additional convenience and safety. 2.1 cu. ft. capacity 1050 Watts 3-speed, 400-CFM venting system removes smoke, steam and odors upfront charcoal filter with indicator light lets you know when it's time for replacement 10 power levels for greater cooking flexibility sensor cooking controls automatically adjusts time and power bottom control with integrated handle makes cleaning easy and gives a sleek look Chef Connect lets you choose when to sync range burners and clocks to your microwave's surface light and vent GE Fits! Guarantee ensures an exact fit that makes replacement easy
Striped gray suit pants shed wrinkles for a look that travels remarkably well.   crease-resistant and resilient fabric big and tall fit button tab with hook-and-eye closure flat front front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets lined to the knee hemmed fabric: wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported
You'll definitely want to smooch and hug the person who gives you this bracelet with sweet X and O reminders. A diamond accent ups the sparkle effect. Metal: 18K two-tone gold over brass Stone: Diamond accent Closure: Box Dimensions: 5mm wide; 7¼ long Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Love the way you look in our adorable short-sleeve maxi dress.•    v-neck•    short sleeves•    front tie•    52 length from shoulder•    polyester•    washable•    made in America  
What it is:Shaveworks’ Get Smooth Duo is an ultimate duo that solves all your shave, post-shave and post-waxing needs that instantly soothes for beautiful, soft and silky skin.What it is formulated to do:This pair of products is sure to create remarkably soft skin - Pearl Souffl™ Shave Cream contains Capislow TM helps make your hair less visible and softer - Glycolic and phytic acid helps exfoliate and reduce ingrown hairs - Mediacalm complex provides superb moisturizing benefits - The Cool Fix Targeted Gel™ helps to prevent ingrown hairs, razor bumps, razor burn and redness.This set contains:- 1 oz Pearl Souffl;™ Shave Cream- 1 oz The Cool Fix Targeted Gel™What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Phthalates
A chicly belted waistline is a must for your on-trend look with this stunning dress belt option from Liz Claiborne. ¾ wide polyurethane faux-leather spot clean only imported
He will look as dapper as dad in our short-sleeve plaid shirt, designed with a contrast chest pocket and antique silver enamel-coated buttons. button-down collar short sleeves chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
This effective, elite cushion melts away tension through the power of a deep-kneading back massage. 3 massage zones for complete coverage soothing heat function adds extra comfort programmed controller integrated strapping system fits most chairs Polyester. Measures 29.7x7.7x19.8H. Imported.
With three different colors to match your many moods, these 3 pairs of textured hoop earrings finish off any outfit. Metal: Silver-tone metal, gold-tone metal and rose gold-tone metal   Back: Hinged Dimensions: 7.8mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Geometric shapes combine with bold colors to create this stunning rug.   highly durable polypropylene machine-woven construction crafted in America 0.31 pile height; 0.5 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Jute Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly. Spot clean or professionally clean. Origin: Made in America  
Go the distance in our colorblock shorts, perfect for an intense workout with no chafe seams, quick dry fabric and a running short liner. 5 inseam elastic waist band key pocket at waist drawstring at inside waist no chafe seams washable imported
Stick with a look you know you love with our sassy striped Stylus shirt. roundneck with keyhole in back 3/4 sleeves side slits approx. 28 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Designed with classical renaissance in mind, this luxurious headboard, nightstand and chest accentuate your bedroom with European-inspired flair. mahogany construction with cathedral-grained cherry veneers butt-joint joinery nightstand has 3 drawers chest has 3 drawers queen headboard: 65Wx7Dx65H king headboard: 81Wx7Dx65H nightstand: 26Wx18Dx30H chest: 39Wx19Dx36H assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed imported
This microfiber comforter set features a geometric design with bright pops of aqua that will bring your room to life.   adds a modern look to your space coordinating aqua shams decorative pillows with a hexagon design 4-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: comforter sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen and King/Cal King set includes: comforter 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King/Cal King set includes king shams. Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams. Washable. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: comforter is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x12 and 16x16 Full/Queen: comforter is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x12 and 16x16 King/Cal King: comforter is 104x90; shams are 36x20; decorative pillows are 16x12 and 16x16
IZOD polo shirt more than makes the grade in standout colors.   meets many schools' uniform requirements ribbed collar and sleeve ends partial button placket cotton/polyester washable imported
An inventive chain is sure to turn heads. This one features a gold-tone base with brown and resin links for a modern aesthetic.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Brown and yellow resin links Other Stones: Clear crystals Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 22 link chain with 3 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Fend off the wind and occasional shower in this fleece-lined, water-resistant jacket from St. John’s Bay—your go-to for lightweight warmth. stand-up collar zip front 2 zip handwarmer pockets interior pocket with self-adhesive closure long sleeves rib-knit cuffs and hem shell: nylon lining: polyester washable imported
Your schoolgirl cool is back in session with our v-neck baby cable knit sweater, complete with ribbed trim. approx. 26½ - 27¾ length cotton/polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Introduce new textures to your wardrobe with our pull-on stretch-knit pencil skirt and its two thin mesh panels along the hemline. 25 length polyester/spandex washable imported
This blue-based floral tie with a dash of brown has a self loop, denim tipping and a denim tail. 3 wide, 58 long cotton dry clean only imported
Our wall shelf features intricate carvings with an antique white wash for an elegant finish. hanging hardware not included distressed painted wood and resin 25.25x5x6.5H imported
The plaid design on this square decorative pillow will add a nice layer of dimension to your bed. blue tones measures 16x16 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Make a dazzling entrance in these Thornstein metallic strappy platform sandals. polyurethane upper 4 heel ½ platform polyurethane soles
Be comfortable and cool by the poolside with our 4-way stretch boardshorts from Ocean Current. drawstring tech cargo pocket 10 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Comfortable cotton and six pockets make these shorts the ultimate addition to any skate sesh. zip fly with button closure 6 pockets slim fit flat front 21 outseam 100% cotton washable imported
A sideways cross is totally on-trend, and this one with cubic zirconia in rose gold gives you much-needed sparkle.   Metal: 14K rose gold over sterling   Metal Color: Rose Stones: Cubic zirconia Closure: Spring-ring Length: 16 cable chain Dimensions: .84  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This blue chambray solid tie will work with your suits and can dress up denim and a button-down shirt. 3 wide, 58 long cotton dry clean only imported
Transform your bathroom with the Penelope bath collection featuring organically curved white porcelain bath accessories, such as this soap dispenser. Adorned with delicately embossed floral stems, they're hand painted in rich pearlized pigments. earthenware 3.125x3.125x8.25H 11.5-oz. capacity imported
A classic dot print mixes with the ladylike silhouette and swingy design of our fit-and-flare dress for an endlessly flattering look. sleeveless jewelneck back zipper 41 length from shoulder polyester/spandex polyester lining dry clean only imported
What it is:A limited-edition gift set featuring three of Kate’s bestselling essentials to help you achieve a fresh-from-the-clinic glow at home. What it is formulated to do:Give the gift of gorgeous skin this holiday season with Kate’s limited-edition gift set. Every facial at the Kate Somerville Clinic on Melrose Place begins with cleansing and exfoliating and ends with moisturizating. This special trio features Kate’s bestselling skin care products to create a luminous complexion. Formulated with efficacious botanicals including bergamot oil, natural sage oil and lavender essence, this sulfate-free Gentle Daily Wash removes makeup and pore-clogging oil, while helping to maintain skin’s natural moisture barrier. See dramatically smoother, brighter, healthier-looking skin in as little as two minutes with ExfoliKate® Intensive Exfoliating Treatment. Papaya, pineapple, and pumpkin enzymes naturally exfoliate dead skin cells, without over-drying. The fragrance-free Oil Free Moisturizer absorbs quickly to provide perfectly balanced hydration, without any oils. This set contains:- 4 oz Gentle Daily Wash - 2 oz ExfoliKate Intensive Exfoliating Treatment - 0.5 oz Oil Free Moisturizer What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates Research results:In an independent clinical study on ExfoliKate Intensive Exfoliating Treatment, after just 1 use:- 88% of women reported smoother skin and improved texture - 84% of women reported softer skin- 72% of women reported a reduction in skin roughness and improved complexionOn a visual evaluation of 20 subjects in an independent clinical study: - 75% brighter complexion- 75% reduction in skin roughnessSuggested Usage:Gentle Daily Wash:-Use morning and evening, twice a day. -Apply a small amount to wet face and neck and massage gently for 30 seconds. -Rinse and gently pat dry. ExfoliKate® Intensive Exfoliating Treatment: -Use morning and evening, once or twice a week-Apply a thin, even layer to a clean, wet face, massaging in a circular motion for 30 seconds. -Leave on for up to two minutes. -Rinse and gently pat dry.Oil Free Moisturizer: -Use morning and evening, twice a day. -Apply a thin, even layer to face and neck. -Use alone or layer over a treatment serum.
Truly a bed for all seasons, the Brutus Tuff Petnapper is a free-form pet bed that promotes nesting while providing comfort and security. It’s super-tough for pets that are rough on their beds.   reversible pillow insert zippered cover is removable for easy machine washing warm, plush berber top reverses to cool classic twill with contrast cording perfect for pets that like to scratch or chew polyester fill keeps pets off cold floors for added comfort and relief on hips, joints and pressure points Polyester/cotton. Washable. Imported. xsmall: 25x20x4; for pets up to 20 lbs small: 36x27x4; for pets up to 25 lbs medium: 44x29x4; for pets up to 60 lbs large: 52x40x4; for pets up to 75+ lbs
Our tee features a graphic print of Sublime for a bit of 90s nostalgia. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester/rayon washable imported
Get a look you love with our keyhole hipster swim bottoms, designed to mix and match with your choice of swim tops.   fully lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our cold-shoulder romper is the perfect blend of pretty and playful. v-neck long sleeves tie waist 13½ length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Features: Automatic beep alarm with snooze, folding stand, dial light, luminous hands Battery Operated: Yes, batteries included Base Material: Silver-tone plastic Dimensions: 68.6x25.4x76.2mm
Our chair cushions add stylish comfort to your seats, featuring a stripe pattern on one side and solid black on the other. includes 2 chair cushions ticking stripe fabric reversible secures with 2 ties in the back 100% cotton with polyester fill 16x16 spot clean imported
Feel a little more secure at work in our soft, flame-resistant Henley tee. flame resistant rib knit collar 3-button placket front pocket long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Make a stunning entrance in this long lace dress with 3/4-length chiffon tulip sleeves and side slit. 58 length from shoulder side slit polyester/spandex polyester lining hand wash, dry flat made in America RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
A bright, fun print, sleeveless design and cute bow on the back make this dress a spring-worthy addition to her wardrobe.    sleeveless bow at back back vent cotton/polyester washable imported
The Hoover Windtunnel Pet Bagged Upright Vacuum is specially designed for those who love animals, but not the fur they leave behind.   powerful 12-amp motor with enhanced pet hair tools aid in the collection of stubborn pet hair HEPA media vacuum bags easy to operate, with fingertip controls, clean-drop bag system and power hand tool on/off brush roll easily transitions from carpet to hard floors headlight allows for easier vacuuming in darker conditions 30' power cord easy belt-change system and brushroll access includes air-powered hand tool, pet upholstery tool, extension wand, crevice tool and 12' deluxe stretch hose 2-year manufacturer's warranty. Imported.
With an easy, relaxed fit in a soft poplin blend, our cargo cuff capri pants are a warm-weather weekend essential. button-and-zip fly closure 17 rolled; 20¼ unrolled inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Stylish men’s casual shoes from St. John’s Bay feature a plush suede leather upper and durable double-stitched construction. Rugged rubber soles come in contrasting colors for a bright accent mark.     suede leather upper lace-up contrast sole color rubber sole
Even out your look with this square-stone stretch bracelet.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Blue acrylic stones Dimensions: 7.06 circumference; ½ wide   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our double-sided cardstock is the perfect addition to your paper crafting projects. includes 25 double-sided sheets recommended for ages 12+ paper each sheet measures 12x12 made in America
Metal: Sterling silverStones: Genuine cushion-cut purple amethystGallery Height: 5.5mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This 4-piece pajama set, which features 2 short-sleeve tees and 2 pairs of corresponding pants, is sure to be a hit with your little one at bedtime. ribbed neckline allover print screen-printed graphic no-pinch elastic waistband 100% cotton washable imported For child’s safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
No matter the season, you can always be in an island state of mind with this quality camp shirt from Island Shores.   point collar front chest pocket rayon washable imported
There's no end to the beauty of an eternity ring. Brilliant alone, even better together—mix-and-match with additional rings and create an endless collection of glamorous stacks.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: 1/3 ct. t.w. color-enhanced round black diamondsSetting: ProngWidth: 2.5mm Some diamonds may be treated and require special care; diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Add an element of pure relaxation to any room with this recliner that glides to enhance that euphoric feel. sturdy hardwood and steel frame double-cased locking joints intercoil triple-weave spring system cushions filled with polyurethane foam easy-to-use reclining mechanism Upholstery is microfiber. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 36Wx24Dx42H with a 21 seat height, 22 seat depth and 20 seat back height. Imported.
With a quilted lining and attached jersey hood, this canvas shirt jacket offers lightweight warmth that won’t get in your way. relaxed fit hood with drawstring point collar logo metal snap front long sleeves 2 chest pockets with snap flaps (1 with pen pocket) signature bartacks shell: 100% cotton lining and fill: polyester washable imported
Elevate your casual style with these wedge sandals featuring bright top straps and a cork look that's ready for the beach, the street and anywhere in between. synthetic upper approx. 3½ heel strap detailing rubber sole
In lavish 10K white gold, these lab-created alexandrite earrings show off flirty faceting and a halo of diamond accents.Metal: 10K white goldStones: 5mm round lab-created alexandriteOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: ProngBack: FrictionDimensions: 7.3x7.3mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The chain neckline on this tank top adds a delicate edginess that looks fantastic alone or layered under a jacket.●    roundneck with chain detail●    polyester/spandex●    washable●    imported  
With a flirty front slit and a slim fit, our pencil skirt is sure to add some flair to your professional style. mid rise slim fit drawstring 28 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Delicate chiffon detailing and a comfy-chic silhouette sweetens the look of our chiffon-trim shorty pajama set. polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
With an ideal blend of materials, this versatile down comforter is designed to keep you warm in the winter and comfortable in the summer. double-stitch sewn-through box construction to prevent shifting 550 fill power 233 thread-count cotton cover hypoallergenic Cotton cover with white duck down fill. Dry clean. Imported. Twin: 62x86; 18-ounce fill weight Full/Queen: 86x86; 25-ounce fill weight King: 102x86; 29-ounce fill weight  
The geometric patterns on this rug turn any room into a stylish place for relaxing. machine-tufted construction durable nylon/olefin crafted in America ⅛ to ½ pile height range; 1¼ overall thickness  Stain Resistant: NoFade Resistant: YesSlip Resistant: NoRug Backing: LatexFire Retardant: NoRug Pad Needed: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: IndoorCare Instructions: Vacuum regularly; spot clean as needed.Origin: Made in America  
Our short-sleeve shirt from Van Heusen is perfect for your relaxed look. spread collar short sleeves chest pocket rayon/polyester washable imported
  Add something a little unexpected with this oval link chain belt that takes your look from casual to chic in an instant.     metal imported
Our wide-stripe tie will match well with many of your favorite dress shirts, with a tie bar to keep it in place. matches Van Heusen Flex Collar dress shirts includes tie bar 2¾ wide; 57 long polyester spot clean imported
Smooth and stylish, these slipcovers are the perfect solution for sprucing up your furniture.   easy and affordable way to change up your look, while protecting and extending the life of your furniture soft finely ribbed fabric in versatile colors two-way stretch fabric contours smoothly over furniture; elastic corners keep it in place fabric includes spandex for a semi-custom fit, even on hard-to-fit furniture installs quickly and easily; includes easy-to-follow step-by-step instructions Polyester/spandex. Designed to fit sofas from 74-96 wide, up to 34 high, and with seat cushions up to 38 deep. Washable. Imported.
Go basic or fierce with our 2-pack of tights, one black and one leopard print. package of 2 nylon/spandex washable imported
Complement your feminine look with the delicate details and laidback styling of our lace-inset t-shirt. short sleeves roundneck approx. 27⅝ - 29¼ front length rayon jersey knit nylon/cotton lace polyester lining machine wash, dry flat imported
Our comfortable cotton tee features a distressed graphic print of the American flag for a classic warm-weather top. roundneck short sleeves 22 length jersey knit 100% cotton hand wash, dry flat imported
Designed to keep essential toiletries in order, this beautiful bath accessory set keeps both guest or master bathroom countertops stylishly organized. durable ceramic construction coordinating designs makes a great gift 4-piece set includes: soap dispenser: 2½ in diameter; 7½H tumbler: 2½ in diameter; 4½H toothbrush holder: 2½ in diameter; 4½H soap dish: 5x3½x1H Ceramic. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Settle into your poses in comfort with our soft yoga tee, with a back sweat patch. scoopneck sleeveless back sweat patch cotton/Modal® machine wash, dry flat imported
Multicolor stones give this chunky bracelet an earthy vibe. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Multicolor stones  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Radiant 10K gold shines in this curb chain bracelet. It's a classic look that radiates elegance.   Metal: 10K yellow gold Dimensions: 6mm wide; 8½ long semi-solid curb chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Having a favorite everyday tee is a must for a guy, so make this one yours with the classic styling and comfort you’ve come to expect from Champion. crewneck 100% cotton washable imported
Bring sassy style to the slopes with this stylish snowsuit and coordinating jacket. includes snowsuit and jacket snowsuit: adjustable clip straps, 1/2 zip closure, elastic leg cuffs jacket: fleece-lined faux fur-trimmed hood, long sleeves with elastic cuffs, zip front, 2 snap pockets polyester washable imported
A stretchy fit and classic polo look make our top perfect for your girl's warm-weather look. spread collar short sleeves cotton/spandex washable imported
Comfortable, versatile and easily paired with her favorite jeans or leggings, our graphic tank top, short-sleeve lace-trim sweater and corresponding necklace are a perfect addition to her stylish wardrobe. includes tank top, short-sleeve sweater and necklace scoopneck screen-printed graphics polyester/rayon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
A cute knit tee with an unexpected split back and lace for a fun summer twist.  cotton/polyester washable imported
Meet all of your comfort and style needs with our lace-up sneakers featuring a lightweight, molded outsole and Ortholite sockliner that will get you through high energy days running from point A to B. cotton upper injected molded EVA is lightweight and cushioned rubber pods for strategic grip and durability exceptionally lightweight engineered flex grooves for smooth walking stride dual-density Ortholite memory foam footbed promotes great cushion and comfort stretch gore paneling and toplines rubber sole
These stretch-easy cargo scrubs provide multi-pocket versatility in a moderate flare-leg style that flatters. mid rise elastic-back waist with drawstring front scoop pockets side cargo pocket with interior pocket back pocket flare leg with side vents cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Secretly Slender jersey knit leggings feature a compression panel at the waist for extra support that slims your silhouette while keeping you comfortable. 27 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Softened by its luxurious fiber-filled back and fashionable tapered feet, this track-arm leather loveseat/chaise sectional features clean, rectangular styling elements and a handsome finish that stands out in any space.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery premium elastic webbing  cushions filled with polyurethane foam and a bonded polyester comfort layer chip-resistant plastic feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 84Wx60Dx35H overall with a 19 seat height, 22 seat depth and 18 seat back height. Imported.
All the comfort and stretch of leggings perfectly combines with the easy-match style of jeans to make these jeggings a versatile staple for any season. faux zip fly and button closure coin pocket 2 back pockets cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Look and feel a size smaller in our classic color jeans from Lee. Our tummy panel instantly slims you while holding you in and giving you comfort.  look and feel a size smaller tummy panel that slims you sits at waist classic fit straight leg with 15¼ opening 5-pocket styling button-and-zip fly 28½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Perfect for the boardroom or a fancy night out, our high-waist pencil skirt is sleek, sharp and stylish. high rise back zip 29 length polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Brave the elements in style with our boots designed to keep out the cold weather. synthetic upper 5½ shaft height Thermolite® insole fleece lining water resistant rubber sole 
This boyfriend-inspired watch is the perfect accessory when you want something bold. The large, proportionate square bezel is silver-tone and frames a white dial that contrasts nicely with shiny silver-tone Arabic numerals and slim wedge indices. Brand: Peugeot Dial Color: White Strap: White leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 42mm Case Thickness: 12mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 24mm wide Model No.: 706WT Special Features: Durable mineral crystal Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our Maidenform Fat Free Dressing is constructed of microfiber fabric and provides targeted firm control to smooth your tummy and whittle your waist. It helps to eliminate bumps and bulges for a smoother, sleeker look. firm control high-waist style creates a sleek line from above waist to upper thigh helps to flatten tummy and define waist flexible fit with boyshort leg moves with your body body: nylon/elastane gusset lining: cotton hand wash, line dry imported
Featuring fire-resistant fabric and practical construction, our Bulwark® jeans offer optimum utility for all walks of life. curvy fit flat front straight leg 5-pocket style zipper fly cotton/modacrylic washable imported
Our tank top features climalite fabric—that sweeps away sweat from your little one's skin—along with a colorful allover print and a silver foil adidas logo to complete the look. ●    crewneck●    racerback with a curved seam and pleats●    climalite fabric sweeps sweat away from your skin●    silver foil adidas logo on the left chest●    jersey●    polyester/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Power through your day in supreme comfort with these adorable lace-up shoes featuring a contrast color design for a bit of added pop. technology GOga Mat Technology insole offers high rebound cushioning lightweight Resalyte™ midsole with memory retention helps absorb impact created with the same technology of the Go Walk 2 Supersock added Agion aids in anti-microbial protection construction synthetic upper EVA sole details lace up contrast color design on upper and lining
These silver-rimmed aviator sunglasses from Dockers are classic cool in a lightweight style that looks great on all face shapes. 100% UV protection non-polarized lenses metal frame wipe with soft cloth imported
With bold blocks of color, our figure-flattering sheath dress gets a modern makeover and a place in your wardrobe. bateau neck extended shoulder/sleeveless back zipper approx. 32¾ length from shoulder polyester/spandex lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Get better fit and breathability with these soft, cotton blend crew socks from Stafford. cotton rich fabric for breathability spandex for superior fit cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe size 6 1/2 - 12
Seamed for a great fit, our slim-leg, stretch-knit ankle pants sit below your waist, straight-and-narrow through the hip and thigh, to keep the emphasis on the vertical. zip fly with hook, bar and inside button closures inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front slant pockets 2 back faux welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations misses: 27 inseam petites: 25 inseam petites short: 23 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
These stud earrings feature double cubic zirconia stones for a sparkling look.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Cubic zirconia Back: Friction Dimensions: .44x.24   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our pinstripe pants feature a double waistband with trouser hooks and a straight leg for a comfortable, professional look. ●    double waistband with trouser hooks●    straight leg●    mid rise●    33 inseam●    rayon/nylon/spandex/polyester●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
Let her take her favorite princess to bed with her with this super cute and comfy Sofia nightgown.   bow at neckline short sleeves ruffle sleeves and hem polyester washable imported   Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Our brown check suit jacket updates your formal look with a easy-to-match pattern and a resilient fabric that won’t get road-weary. crease-resistant and resilient fabric classic fit notch lapel 2-button front slant chest pocket front flap pockets 3 interior pockets (1 with triangle flap) fully lined side vents shell: wool/polyester body and sleeve lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Get better fit and breathability with these soft, cotton blend crew socks from Stafford. cotton rich fabric for breathability spandex for superior fit cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 13-15 fits shoe size 12-16
Add a touch of formal flair to your casual look with our pair of dress shoes that's designed to look and feel good. synthetic upper lace up rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Whether in the water or out, these comfy Vans shorts adapt to whatever activity the day may bring. button front solid ripstop: polyester heathered: polyester/elastane washable imported
Lace shoulders meet a pleated bodice in our graceful mesh gown that will have you exuding elegance. lace shoulder detail shirred bodice 57½ length from shoulder chiffon polyester lined hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Pair our fine line pants with his favorite IZOD shirt and jacket for instant grown-up style.   zip front with hook/eye closure 2 side and 2 back pockets polyester/rayon/wool washable imported
Make an unforgettable entrance with our Natashia wedge pumps. From the faux patent leather to the peep toe, no one will miss a single step you take. synthetic upper 2¾ heel peep toe rubber sole
  Beat the heat in our crepe tank top with contrast tipping for extra sizzle.  roundneck gently rounded hem polyester washable imported
The Go Lite convenience stroller features a wide seat base and multi-position recline to give your child a comfortable ride. fully adjustable and removable canopy large seat area 5-point safety harness multi-position recline large storage basket for your on-the-go essentials anti-shock front wheels and lockable rear wheel easy touch brakes compact fold 40x18½ x36 partially assembled, instructions included for 6m to 50 lbs. sturdy steel frame polyester spot clean, air dry imported  
Snuggling on the couch just got better with this throw that has a pocket built in to help keep your feet from popping out and getting cold. foot pocket designed to keep feet nice and warm 3 heat settings 3-hour auto off 12' cord measures 50x60 Polyester. Washable. Imported. 
Mini deep fryer includes a heavy metal basket with cool-touch handle.   removable 1500-watt immersion-style heating element for faster heat-up and recovery time overload auto shut-off protection 2-qt. removable oil container with pouring spout for easy clean-up 1.3-lb food capacity fries more using less oil than full size. Lid, basket and bowl are dishwasher safe.
Stylish black-trim cook shirt from Chef Designs is just what you need for a confident, professional presence in the kitchen.   contrasting black stand collar black front buttons left chest pocket short hemmed sleeves squared bottom hem polyester/cotton washable imported of domestic fabric more sizes: regular, big
Be master and commander of your comfort in these lightweight, relaxed-fit cargo shorts from Zoo York. relaxed fit sits at waist zip front with button closure 2 front slash pockets 2 side cargo pockets 2 back flap pockets length falls at or below the knee cotton washable imported
Our shorts from Xersion are built for comfort under pressure and feature a small coin pocket for storing valuables during your workout. drawstring closure roll-up leg hem 4½ inseam cotton/polyester waistband: cotton/polyester/spandex coin pocket: cotton/polyester washable imported
Slip into something pretty with our lovely lacey ballet flats with their sweetheart bow. bow detail 100% cotton upper textile outer surface slip on
Pretty basic pieces, like our Worthington cowlneck top, are the foundation of successful wardrobes. cowlneck ruched sides approx. 25 length polyester/spandex washable imported
These classic overalls pair perfectly with a variety of tees, while the all-cotton fabric and easily adjustable straps provide all-day comfort. 6m-24m: snaps along legs for easy diaper changes 2 front pockets, 2 back pockets, chest pocket cotton washable imported
As captivating as it is functional, this slim-fit dress shirt was designed with the well-dressed man in mind. spread collar front placket cotton/polyester broadcloth washable imported
Liven your look with a bold dash of color. This sparkling two-piece jewelry set highlights lead glass-filled rubies encircled by shimmering diamond accents. Includes a pendant necklace and ring for a pretty, put-together look. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K yellow goldStones: 6x4mm oval lead glass-filled rubiesOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: ProngNecklace Closure: Spring-ringNecklace Length: 18 long box chainRing Gallery Height: 5.1mmLead glass-filled rubies require special care. Avoid ultrasonic cleaners, extreme heat and household chemicals and detergents to preserve the life of your stone. Wear with care and clean with warm soapy water to maintain the beauty of the stone.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Feel the comfort in each step with these walking sneakers made of special cushioning and a durable construction. construction tough leather and synthetic upper EVA lightweight midsole thermoplastic rubber outsole for traction details lace up front for secure fit textured details with logo imprints
Your wine will sparkle as you serve it to your guests from this exquisitely designed crystal wine decanter.   elegant entertainment accessory 46-ounce capacity Glass. Measures 5.6x5.6x14”H. Hand wash. Imported.
Join the revolution with GreenPan's unique collection of 3D cookware featuring three different cooking surfaces for specific food categories. This 11 fry pan has a raised, ribbed surface for meat and poultry. stainless steel handle is labeled with Meat and Poultry to remind you which type of food the pan is designed for Thermolon ceramic coating is healthy, safe and does not contain any toxic chemicals or persistent pollutants no harmful fumes, peeling, chipping or flaking off of the coating PFOA, lead and cadmium free 60% less CO2 is emitted during the curing phase of production of Thermolon coatings, compared to the emissions during the curing phase of production of traditional coatings GreenPan processes used materials—such as upcycled stainless steel for the handles and upcycyled aluminum for cookware bodies—into new products to prevent waste of potentially useful materials handle is double-riveted for durability oven safe to 850ºF Aluminum/ceramic/stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Our up-to-date pullover presents can't-miss style with comfy, cozy stripes and an embellished neckline sure to be top of your wish list. cotton/acrylic/polyester/metallic hand wash, dry flat imported
Check out this versatile checkered belt with the quality craftsmanship you expect from Levi's.   reverses from black to white manmade materials imported
Featuring gorgeous metallic lace details and super-slimming power-mesh overlays, our Luxe and Lean open-bust bodysuit perfect your curves for a seamlessly smooth silhouette.   open-bust design works with any bra tames the tummy and waist tagless bonded hem for a bulge-free look on legs tagless nylon/spandex washable imported manufacturer’s style #2543  
Take control of your comfort again with this temperature-controlling, adjustable-friendly mattress set featuring a super-plush top layer of upholstery for enhanced cushioning. 725 individually wrapped coil system with Total Edge® foam encasement quilted topper features Cool Balance® fabric for temperature control Fireblocker® fiber layer adds fire resistance Pillo-Fill® layer helps maintain airflow 1 PillowSoft™ foam layer adds extra comfort insulator pad provides additional temperature regulation 2¾ Comfort XD™ foam layer adds superior cushioning ½ Cool Twist™ gel memory foam layer keeps the mattress cool 1 support foam layer adds extra support and firmness StabLBase® double-beam frame provides superior stability Cover is polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring/foundation. Foundation measures 8¾H; mattress set measures 20¾H when stacked. Split Queen, King and Cal. King mattress sets feature 2-piece side-by-side foundations for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x74½x12½H; 432 coil count Twin XL: 38x79½x12½H; 464 coil count Full: 53x74½x12½H; 594 coil count Queen: 60x79½x12½H; 725 coil count King: 76x79½x12½H; 928 coil count Cal. King: 72x83½x12½H; 930 coil count
Rhinestones and beads set in a scroll pattern dress up these wedge sandals. synthetic upper and sole imported
Fly knit joggers from akademiks offer laidback comfort and eye-catching style. regular fit drawstring waist slant front pockets cuffed bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
These capri leggings feature bold colors and lively prints that add instant spunk to any ensemble. Pair with a shirt, tunic or dress for on-trend style. snug pencil fit cotton/polyester/spandex machine washable imported
Add a free-spirited touch to your bath with the Otto soap dish.   hand-painted ceramic decorated with decals textured trim Measures 3.9x5.66x0.93H. Wipe clean. Imported.
Step into ultra soft luxury when you add these plush rugs to your bath.   ultra-soft yarns provide cotton-like feel colorfast construction won't fade quick-drying micro nylon skid-resistant latex backing versatile styling easy-care, washable fabric coordinates with the JCPenney Home Quick-Dri Solid Bath Towels and the JCPenney Home Quick-Dri Striped Bath Towels Each rug sold separately. 100% TruSoft® nylon with foam latex backing. Washable. Made in America of imported materials.  Oblong rugs: available in 17x24, 21x34 or 24x40 Contour rug (fits around toilet base): 21x24 Standard lid cover: 18½x19 Elongated lid cover: 18x21
This striking watch has a timeless design, with a gold-tone bezel that contrasts handsomely against a black strap.   Brand: U.S. Polo Association Bezel Color: Gold-tone Dial Color: Silver-tone Strap: Black Movement: Quartz Special Feature: Date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Pair our denim shorts with any warm-weather tee to create an easy-going outfit for a casual day.   regular fit zip-and-button closure 5-pocket styling flat front 10 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
  Stay comfy and cute in these women’s flat sandals, featuring a soft jersey sling-back design.   jersey upper rubber sole
Our shorts are made from comfy cotton and feature seersucker details for a sharp look.  button and zip fly 2 side pockets and 2 back button pockets flat front relaxed fit straight leg 100% cotton washable imported
true LG wants your new dryer to run smoothly and efﬁciently right from the start. That’s why we know you’ll appreciate our 3-Minute Smart Installation Check feature. The name says it all. Before your ﬁrst load, count on Installation Check to run through a set of diagnostics to make sure everything is working correctly. Thumbs up… and you’re ready to go. Ready to experience great features like Sensor Dry, which automatically adjusts drying time to ensure you get perfectly dry laundry every time! 7.3 cu. ft. ultra-large capacity aluminized Alloy Steel Drum electronic control panel with Dual LED display and Dial-A-Cycle 8 drying programs, including Sensor Dry: Cotton/Normal, Perm. Press/Casual, Heavy Duty, Delicates, Anti-Bacterial, Small Load; and Manual Dry: Speed Dry, Air Dry temperature settings: High, Medium High, Medium, Low, Ultra Low Wrinkle Care option tumbles the load every few minutes to prevent wrinkles SmartDiagnosis™ feature helps the service center diagnose problems over the phone or smartphone app Sensor Dry System measures moisture levels during the cycle and automatically adjusts drying time Lo Decibel™ Quiet Operation minimizes dryer noise to help keep your environment peaceful FlowSense™ Duct Clogging Indicator lets you know when it's time to clean the ducts dryer duct and electrical cords are required for installation (sold separately) 
Keep him comfortable from the playground to the backyard in our Fila boys running shoes.   technology lightweight, breathable upper with contrast welding details EVA injected midsole provides lightweight cushioning minimal rubber outsole with multi-tread design provides traction   construction leather/mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole   details lace up
Shining with luminous elegance, this gold-tone necklace features filigree cutouts that are framed—and backed—with pretty pink stones.Metal: Gold-tone brassStones: Light pink stonesClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 18 long curb chainJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You'll feel as fresh as the springtime in our floral print stretch-knit top with rows of wispy front ruffles. squareneck polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported  
This comforter set features a plush, oversized design with a paisley print in luxurious colors with a silky sateen texture. elegant oversized paisley design in blues and greens solid blue bedskirt super-soft 300-thread-count cotton sateen 4-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Queen sets include standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton shams; polyester/cotton bedskirt. Washable. Imported. Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 60x80 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 78x80 Cal. King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 72x84 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Our tie-dye romper is perfect for your more playful look, featuring a cinched waist and relaxed fit for comfortable style. scoopneck sleeveless 2 pockets relaxed fit 13 front, 17¾ back hand dyed rayon/spandex washable imported
Every wardrobe ought to have a versatile go-anywhere suit jacket, like this wool gabardine coat from Stafford.   wrinkle resistant  classic fit breathable fabric naturally dirt and water resistant 1 chest pocket 2 back side vents wool acetate dry clean only imported
Whether you're working out or running—or heading to the coffee shop afterwards—our regular rise, slim-fit, bootcut pants will keep you comfortable. tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin key pocket at inside waistband jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 32 inseam petite: 29½ inseam
Our satchel features a classic silhouette and an embroidered multicolored logo, with an adjustable shoulder strap with buckle detailing and double handles, giving you versatile carrying options.  adjustable strap, 18–23drop; double handles, 5 drop zip closure nylon embroidered multicolored logo 1 sidewall exterior pocket 1 sidewall and 2 slip interior pockets 8x12.25x6 imported
You'll love the way you look when you wear our comfortable, stylish and sweet sleeveless lace skater dress, which features a built-in bra and crochet trim. scoopneck sleeveless back zip 35 length from shoulder lined nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Enjoy whiskey the most personalized way with this modern decanter and smooth soapstone set. sleek, robust decanter design heavy base glasses whiskey stones for non-dilution can be engraved with a single block initial on the decanter and glasses accompanied by WHISKEY on stopper; whiskey stones are not personalized hand wash only imported set includes: one 56-oz. decanter four 10.75-oz. glasses nine soapstones one rubberwood stopper
Featuring handsome brushed matte handles and exquisite balance, this stainless steel knife set is a must-have for any home chef.   high-carbon, tapered stainless steel blades ergonomic handles provide a comfortable grip forged construction results in increased weight and balance 13-piece set includes: 3 paring knife 5 utility knife 7 santoku knife 8 chef’s knife 8 bread knife six 4½ steak knives shears knife block Stainless steel knives with wood block. Hand wash. Imported.
Featuring a refreshing radial tie-dye print and halter style, our flirty swim top offers a distinct vibe that’s sure to make waves. fully lined removable cups tricot knit nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported  
Give your bathroom a timeless look with this stylish tissue cover in warm, neutral colors and a mixture of textures. resin wipe clean 8x8x8 imported
You'll glide through any room with the elegant silhouette of our stunning taffeta pants. skirt overlay 17¼ inseam taffeta polyester/nylon lined dry clean only imported RETURNS: These pants must be returned in their original condition with the green return tag in place.
Featuring a sleek, modern silhouette and generously cushioned footbed, our Nike Kaishi running shoes let you go the distance in style.   construction mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole  details lace up injected urethane midsole  
With a versatile bootcut leg, our Secretly Slender jeans offer a flattering fit for casual days or dressier occasions. tummy-control binding and tummy tamer dark wash and medium tent: cotton/polyester/spandex all other colors: cotton/spandex washable imported misses short: 30 inseam misses: 32½ inseam misses long: 34½ inseam petite: 30½ inseam petite short: 28 inseam
Wrap yourself up in our playful romper, featuring a flirty tier front and a waist tie as the finishing touch.  v-neck sleeveless 16¼-19 length lined polyester washable imported
Supple leather lends a sleek design to the retro-inspired style of our classic oxfords.   leather upper textile lining steel shank cushioned heel pad thermoplastic-rubber sole 
This beautiful Cinderella tiara is a crowning addition to perfect princess style. combs for secure fit center Cinderella cameo surrounded by rhinestones accented with faceted jewels and beads for ages 3+ ABS/PP/acrylic/nylon/polyester/epoxy/iron/paper wipe clean imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
Durable backpack features a multi-panel airflow back system that provides extra padding and maximum support.   shoulder straps are specially contoured for comfort audio interface mobile phone pocket water bottle pocket organizer pocket large packing capacity Polyester. Measures 13.19x7.87x17.91H. Imported.
For easygoing style that'll take you from work to weekend, our high-rise skinny ankle pants are the perfect pick.●    classic fit●    high rise●    1 front coin pocket, 2 front slant pockets●    2 back patch pockets●    29 inseam●    denim●    cotton/polyester/Lycra® spandex●    washable●    imported  
Get the light, sophisticated coverage you need to complement everything from your elegant dresses to your casual ensembles in our open-front knit sweater. short sleeve 14¾ front length polyester/spandex lined made in America
Our pants feature a double waistband, trouser hooks and a straight leg for a classic office look.  double waistband trouser hooks straight leg mid rise 30 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our McKenzie rugs offer many size and color options to add vibrant hues and style to any room of your home.   solid color center framed by tufted borders in gradating tones ideal for high-traffic areas special dye-injected process assures lasting, vibrant colors cut-and-loop pile for appealing textural interest taped edges for durability machine-tufted construction highly durable nylon crafted in America 5/16 to 13/16 pile height range; 5/8 overall thickness measures 5x5' Stain Resistant: NoFade Resistant: YesSlip Resistant: YesRug Backing: LatexFire Retardant: NoRug Pad Recommended: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors.Use: IndoorCare Instructions: Washable. Larger rugs require the use of commercial washers and dryers.Origin: Made in America 
Give your mom a sparkling pendant to remember your love with this heart-shaped piece featuring marcasite and a sparkling cubic zirconia stone set in silver over brass.    Metal: Silver over brassStones: Cubic zirconia and marcasitePendant Size: 15.67x38.34mm  Marcasite may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Kick back, relax and enjoy a surreal theater experience without leaving the comfort of your own home thanks to this luxurious faux-leather seating set. sturdy hardwood and steel frame double-cased locking joints intercoil triple-weave spring system cushions filled with polyurethane foam and polyester fiber easy-to-use reclining mechanisms 3-piece set includes: 2 recliners wedge Upholstery is polyurethane. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 75Wx29Dx42H overall with a 24 seat height, 20 seat depth and 18 seat back height. Imported.
From the graceful, arched silhouette to the pretty scrollwork design, the Howard metal bed evokes a timeless beauty.   style effortlessly blends with traditional, cottage and other décors fully welded construction heavy gauge tubing metallic brown finish available as a bed set or headboard only Solid metal. Assembly required. Imported. Bed sets include headboard, footboard and rails. Full frame has 4 legs; queen and king bed frames have 6 legs. King features interchangeable duo-panels with leg extensions that can be used for either a headboard or footboard. Full bed: 53¾x78½x52H Queen bed: 60¾x86x52H King bed: 76¾x86x52H King duo-panel: 76¾Wx52H Full/Queen headboard: 53¾Wx52H
What it is:A gourmand-inspired spatula that enhances the at-home spa experience and makes it easier to apply Fresh body polishes and exfoliants. What it does:Fresh Body Spatula enhances the at-home spa experience—making it easy to apply Fresh products. It is the perfect complement to new Cocoa Body Exfoliant. Ingredients:
Put a little shimmer in her step with our adorable shoes featuring a glittery, light-up design and bright bow embellishments. synthetic upper 2 self-adhesive straps rubber sole
Show off your Harry Potter fandom in our racerback tank top, featuring a Quidditch Tryouts graphic print for a fun casual look. crewneck racerback 24-28 length jersey 100% cotton washable imported
Stay cool and comfortable in a hardworking short-sleeve denim shirt.       relaxed fit button-down collar button front replacement buttons on placket left front pocket box-pleat back 8 oz. cotton denim washable imported more sizes: regular, big, tall
Get game-winning style and comfort with this pullover hoodie from Asics, featuring lightweight, breathable construction with reflective details for visibility. reflective logos for visibility contrast stitching hooded long sleeves with thumbhole poly fine waffle panels polyester washable imported
This easy-to-match plaid skirt is a breeze to pair with polos, sweaters and button-front tops for a variety of classroom-ready looks. back elastic waist side zip with button closure allover pleats polyester/rayon washable imported
These handsome, slim-fit tuxedo pants are effortless classics, perfect for formal events where a standard suit won’t do.   slim fit jacket and pants: polyester/viscose/LYCRA® spandex polyester lining to the knees dry clean only imported
With a colorful, bright vintage design, the Cake Boss 4-pc. melamine measuring spoon set adds extra spice to baking.   includes four spoons featuring a different retro-inspired design on each handle—1/4-teaspoon has a red paisley pattern, 1/2-teaspoon has a blue polka dot pattern, 1-teaspoon has a yellow diamond pattern and 1-tablespoon has a pink stripe pattern crafted from durable yet lightweight melamine cups are joined with a detachable ring that helps keep the set together in kitchen drawers Melamine. Top-rack dishwasher safe. Imported.  
A breathable mesh upper and a minimal rubber outsole with a multi-tread design for traction make Poseidon the perfect running shoes for beginners. construction leather/synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details breathable mesh upper with durable leather and synthetic overlays for structure EVA-injected midsole provides lightweight cushioning Minimal rubber outsole with multi-tread design provides traction
Irresistibly vibrant, the ombré hues of our woven maxi skirt will give your day a radiant twist. relaxed fit elastic waistband self-tie belt with tassels polyester washable imported misses: 37 length petite: 34¾ length
Warm and welcoming, this Euro pillow adds a soothing, natural feel to any bedroom with dynamic patterns and rustic autumn hues.   Aztec-inspired border woven jacquard with a microsuede feel measures 26x26 Sold individually. Polyester. Dry clean. Imported.
What it is: A soothing, nude lip balm. What it does: Perfect for women of color, Perfect Nude Lip Balm soothes delicate and sensitive lips. Enriched with jojoba, mimosa, and sunflower extracts, its formula delivers deep nourishing action. Packed with ingredients that provide 40 percent more hydration, this balm is strengthened by hyaluronic acid, which forms a thin protective film on lips. Lips get ultimate comfort and softness due to its creamy, non-sticky texture which emphasizes the natural curve of your lips, creating a voluptuous, elegant look. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - SulfatesSize:0.36 ozIngredients:Mineral Oil, Polybutene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Hydrogenated Styrene/Isoprene Copolymer, Polyethylene, Trimethylsiloxyphenyl Dimethicone, Diisostearyl Malate, Silica, Ricinus Communis Oil/Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Flavor, Fragrance, Mica, Tocopheryl Acetate, Pentaerythrityl Tetradi-T-Butyl Hydroxydrocinnamate, Tin Oxide, Bht. (+/-) May Contain: Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77491 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77492 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides Black), Ci 42090 (Blue 1 Aluminium Lake), Ci 19140 (Yellow 5 Aluminium Lake), Ci 15850 (Red 6 Sodium Lake, Red 7 Calcium Lake), Ci 45410 (Red 27 Aluminium Lake), Ci 75470 (Carmine).
Our Stafford grid silk tie subtly emboldens your ensemble to complete a sharp, finished look. 3¼ wide; 58 long woven 100% silk spot clean imported
Flash back to the stylish past with our versatile and hip retro rectangle sunglasses. UV protection plastic
Fall asleep in pure comfort with this sheet set featuring soft microfiber construction.   complements any decor easy care Set includes: fitted sheet flat sheet pillowcase(s) Twin and Twin XL sets include one standard pillowcase. Full and Queen sets include two standard pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets include two king pillowcases. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 32x21 Twin XL: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x80; pillowcase is 32x21 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 32x21 Queen: flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 32x21 King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 40x21 Cal. King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 72x84; pillowcases are 40x21
Our light and breathable hanky top is a perfect layering piece for your sunny look. v-neck sleeveless 26.5 length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Create a look that's packed with sunny weather fun in our Liz Claiborne skirted swim bottoms. lined nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
Now your child can sling webs next to his favorite wall crawler with this Spider-Man pillow buddy. shaped like everyone's favorite web head measures 15x9x20H Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. 
Take your best look everywhere with these great-draping mélange dress pants from Van Heusen, featuring a moisture-wicking, no-iron fabric with soil release. soil release wicking UPF 50+ sun protection flex waistband permanent crease sits lower on waist straight fit zip fly with button closure flat front straight leg hemmed polyester washable imported
Get ready to party in our swing dress, featuring a cutout back and flowy style that's perfect as a night-out look. roundneck sleeveless cutout back 32¾-38¾ length polyester/rayon washable imported
For the man who likes a bit of bling, this two-tone tungsten carbide and stainless steel ring with a row of diamonds is sophisticated and masculine. It has a comfort fit band to avoid pinching.   Metal: Tungsten carbide and stainless steel Width: 8mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.
This glitzy gold-tone watch sparkles as the light hits it from any angle, turning your outfit into a classy affair. Brand: Liz Claiborne Dial Color: Champagne Stones: Crystals Strap: Metal alloy Clasp: Adjustable jewelry clasp Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 33mm Case Thickness: 11mm Bracelet Dimensions: 180 +/- 5mm long, 16mm wide Model No.: LC1228 Special Features: Durable ionic gold-tone plating Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add a feminine twist to your everyday attire with our flattering lace-yoke swing dress. scoopneck sleeveless lace yoke on solids only approx. 35⅝-38 length from shoulder jersey knit cotton/Modal® washable imported
Our triple-tier swimdress will take you from poolside to beachside in sun-drenched tropical blooms. soft cups partially lined jersey knit polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Start your day right by pairing our Skylar skimmers with your favorite top, creating a look you'll love.●    button closure●    mid rise●    relaxed fit●    17 inseam●    cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Fabulously soft and super-absorbent, these bath towels bring a fresh pop of color to your bathroom and are durable enough for everyday use.   soft, ring-spun Indian cotton durable dobby border versatile colors Choose from these options to create your own set: bath towel hand towel washcloth 6-piece set including 2 washcloths, 2 hand towels and 2 bath towels Cotton. Washable. Imported. Bath towel: 27x52 Hand towel: 16x26  Washcloth: 12x12 You can purchase these towels individually, but your best value is to buy the six-piece set together. The set will give your bathroom a coordinated look and feel while saving you money.Care tip: Avoid contact with skincare products to help minimize towel spotting or bleaching.
Add fun pattern to your nursery with our soft cotton changing pad cover. polka dot pattern 32x16x4H 100% cotton washable imported
Levi's® 559™ straight-leg jeans have a classic, comfortable fit that's easy and relaxed but not too loose.   matching big & tall web id: 5834004 sits below waist relaxed fit through seat and thighs straight legs, 18 opening black: 99% cotton/1% elastane cash: 98% cotton/2% elastane covered up: 78% cotton/16% polyester/4% elamul/2% elastane carry on, wellington and indigo black: 100% cotton all other colors: cotton/polyester washable imported more sizes: regular, extra tall, big
Nothing says indulgence like this luxurious 100% Egyptian cotton embroidered sheet set. 1200 thread count single ply yarns reactive dyed to prevent fading 5 double hem on flat sheets and pillowcases the longer fibers of Egyptian cotton create a stronger and more durable fabric sateen weave is extra silky and soft detailed with embroidered swirl design oversized fits mattresses up to 15 deep Set includes: fitted sheet flat sheet 2 pillowcases Queen set has 2 standard/queen pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets have 2 king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases are sold separately.  Cotton. Washable. Made in America of imported fabric. Queen: flat sheet is 96x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 20x32 King: flat sheet is 114x104; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 20x40 Cal. King: flat sheet is 114x104; fitted sheet is 72x84; pillowcases are 20x40
Bring a new twist to fashion in our ultra-comfy wedge sandals, featuring a T-strap design with a twisted front strap and side-buckle details. technology shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern rubber sole twists and folds to take pressure off the foot construction faux-leather upper rubber sole details 3¾ raffia-covered wedge heel includes ¾ platform side-buckle entry memory foam footbed provides plush comfort with each step sueded sock no break in required—comfy right out of the box  
Get the coverage and style you want with our double-strap tankini swim top. adjustable straps adjustable shirred sides soft molded cups partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
A beautiful, intricate necklace accents our solid, colorful tank top from Alyx. includes necklace scoopneck sleeveless rayon/polyester lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Featuring an Italian-style design with stylish legs, this adjustable ironing board has a mesh ironing surface that’s perfect for steam irons. iron rest and hanging bar 10 different height levels Steel ironing board with a cotton cover. Measures 47½x18x28¼-36⅞H. Imported.
It's easy to make turn casual style into a put-together look with our Galome shoes featuring a linen and cotton blend.   linen/cotton upper textile sole
These Jockey® v-neck tees come in big and tall sizes, giving you the confidence to rely on cool comfort all day long.   fuller cut for additional comfort combed cotton for softness reinforced collar maintains shape printed tag for no-scratch comfort package of 2 cotton washable domestic or imported
Enjoy the unparalleled fit and comfort of a classic with this 100% cotton oxford dress shirt from Stafford. non-iron performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable button-down collar chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked 100% cotton washable imported
He'll feel like he's fighting crime with the team in our soft Teen Titans tee.  crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Twirl, girl, in the sparkly fun of our sequin skater skirt. approx. 15½ - 16½ length polyester/acrylic polyester lining washable imported
Our modern slip-on shoes will make you feel like you're floating all day, with technology to cushion every step while staying durable.  technology removable cushionsoftTM footbed high-density foam moisture-wicking sockliner shock-absorbing outsoles construction synthetic nubuck upper synthetic sole details 1.5 heel stretch fabric soft toe box slip on
These surfer prep style flat-front shorts from Arizona have flexibility, allowing you to bend and move while retaining their shape. flat front button fly with zipper slant front pockets back-buttoned welt pockets 8½ inseam hits just above the knee cotton/spandex washable imported
This sparkly pendant necklace focuses on one of the endangered species of animals.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Brown crystal accents Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 18 long cable chain          Pendant Size: 18.9x12.89mm long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. Your purchase of this product benefits the principle partners of R.O.A.R., Animal Planet's project to help make the world a better place for animals. AnimalPlanet.com/ROAR
Add a classic to your work and play wardrobe with our 3/4-sleeve blazer. collar and lapel 3/4 sleeves approx. 25½ length polyester/rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported  
You'll be the toast of the town when you make your sparkly entrance in our sequin-front scoopneck tank top. approx. 28 - 30½ front length polyester front and lining cotton/Modal® back machine or hand wash, dry flat imported 
Perfectly sized for entryways or tight spaces, this handsome curio cabinet makes a big impact with its New England-style stepped frame moldings and rope twist accents. sturdy hardwood and metal frame doweled, glued and butt-and-mitered-joint joinery 4 adjustable glass shelves; 1 fixed shelf each shelf has a 25-pound capacity 2 hinged doors lighted interior and mirrored back brighten up displayed items antique brass hardware glides help prevent surface damage Measures 25Wx11Dx70H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Locking clamps with silicone gaskets ensure an airtight seal to reduce spills and keep food items fresher.    satin finish with hinged acrylic lids 5.5” diameter perfect for flour, sugar, spices, noodles and snacks 4-pc. set includes 1 each: 4”H 5”H 7”H 8”H Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
true A clean and simple appearance sits flush to your cabinets with this high-performing dishwasher, featuring a 3,600 RPM rotating stainless steel blade to pulverize food particles and SpaceMaker® basket that moves for efficient loading and unloading. ENERGY STAR® qualified 55 dBA with status light on door chrome accent control panel with 2/4/8-hour Delay Start  4-pass wash and dry element evenly heats water for washing and air for drying two-pump system provides excellent wash performance with reduced sound adjustable upper rack fits plates up to 10½ dedicated silverware jets focus on silverware baskets in multiple locations Piranha™ hard food disposer with removable filter Steam PreWash loosens tough soils before any cycle SpaceMaker® silverware basket can be placed on the rack or onto the door auto sensing cycle adjusts to soil level to maximize energy savings and ensure clean dishes sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes adjustable heights makes installation over built-up floors simple 
You and your special someone are two of a kind, so have this sentiment close to your heart with this pendant necklace. Inscribed with One Love Two Hearts. Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 18 box chain Pendant Size: 19.71x24.88mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
With a casually sharp style, these twill pants are perfect for school uniforms or dress-up occasions. hook and zipper closure two side and two back pockets polyester/rayon/wool washable imported
No matter the room in your house, these decorative pet pillows will add a fun sense of style and comfort.   perfect for any pet lover set of 2 each measures 9x13 Cotton/polyester with cotton back and polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
A darling rosette appliqué lends charm to this easy-match top. ribbed neckline long sleeves rosette appliqué !00% cotton washable imported
Basic but beautiful with its silver-tone dial and three-hand sweep, this finely crafted watch takes you through any formal or casual setting with ease. Brand: Timex Dial Color: Silver-tone Strap: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 18mm Case Thickness: 7mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 9mm wide Model No.: TW2P604007R Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Whether she's a night owl, someone who loves these mysterious birds or just someone whooo's got great style, she'll appreciate this oxidized replica owl bead. Fits other brands of bracelets, too.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Round, black crystals Size: 9x13mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Make breakfast more exciting with this waffle-bowl maker. It makes 4-inch fluffy and tender waffle bowls that can be by filled with scrambled eggs, ham, sausage, hash browns and more. uses AC electrical current cast aluminum/plastic wipe clean 8.25x9.3x5.25 imported
This festive Halloween tee is a special treat for little ghouls who love to celebrate the scariest day of the year. crewneck long sleeves glitter detail shirttail drop cotton/polyester washable imported
This smile-inducing tee adds sweet style to any laidback look. roundneck short sleeves with elastic cuffs appliqué with embroidery ruffled hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Our hobo bag features crochet details to bring ultra-chic style to your daily grind.  flat shoulder strap, 20.8 drop zipper closure cotton/polyester/PVC with polyester lining front open and back zipper interior pockets 14.2x14.2x5.2D imported
Show off your bold personality in our pretty floral printed jacket dress. 3/4-sleeve jacket with hook-and-eye closure; 17 7/8 length sleeveless dress with center back zipper 44 ½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
These beautiful, adorned chargers are the perfect place setting for hosting dinner parties and events. solid white base with wavy silver design set of 4 glass each measures 13x13 for decorative use only; not safe for food hand wash imported
The large skull on the front of this tee conveys a dangerous edge. regular fit crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Dress up your warm-weather look with our ultra-high wedges featuring a strappy design. synthetic upper 4½” heel adjustable buckle closure synthetic sole
Take your love of Star Wars to the next level with our awesome Millennium Falcon tie.   3⅛ width 57 length polyester spot clean only imported
Pull on a pair of our casual capris and be footloose and fancy-free. flat front straight leg high rise back elastic side pockets 16 7/8-19 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Even with a mid-height heel, these ankle booties wrap your feet in all day comfort with quality leather and a padded insole. construction leather upper rubber sole details 2¾” heel 4½” shaft height 11½” shaft circumference side-zip entry padded insole for comfort soft, breathable fabric is lightweight and shock absorbing pleated leather design on the shaft
While its heritage is centuries old, the graceful acanthus leaf remains a fashionable design in this elegant tablecloth.   fluid, organic design adds dimension to your table damask woven; easy-to-maintain polyester/cotton blend fabric available in a variety of  colors and sizes Cotton/polyester. Washable. Imported.
Keep your casual style crisp and easy with our brilliantly basic long-sleeve crewneck tee from St. John's Bay. cotton washable imported
The Converse All Star is the shoe that revolutionized the game of basketball and later became a worldwide favorite known as the Chuck Taylor. A true American icon, the classic design hasn't changed since Chuck wore them himself. canvas upper bears the original Chuck Taylor Patch logo rubber toe bumper and arch grommets durable rubber sole for enhanced traction and control alternative velcro closure with laces
Complete your polished and pulled-together look with our simple, yet eye-catching open cardigan. 3/4 sleeves 26 length acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
The ultimate spectator accessory, this comfy sports chair boasts a bevy of add-ons to keep you in the game. durable 600-denier polyester lightweight frame extra-wide padded seat for increased comfort padded armrests side caddy with accessory panels can hold food, scorecards and phones insulated bottle pouch zippered security pocket adjustable, detachable shoulder strap durable webbed carry handles side table folds out and holds up to 10 pounds 300-pound weight limit Polyester/aluminum. Measures 21x5x33H. Imported.
Featuring a front button placket and darling pocket detail, this polo shirt will fit into your little one's stylish wardrobe perfectly. 100% cotton washable imported
This sleek, diagonally grooved black tungsten band is a perfect choice for the man whose style is clean and simple. He’ll also enjoy the rounded, comfort fit interior that promotes easy slide and helps prevent pinching.   Metal: Black tungsten carbide Width: 7mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Adjust the full-length, two-way, silver-tone metal zipper on our stretch-knit pencil skirt to your desired degree of sassiness. elastic waist 26 length polyester/spandex washable imported
This colorful, striped rug can coordinate with many colors in the kitchen or be used in a variety of rooms.   highly durable nylon slip-resistant latex back crafted and printed in America ¼ pile height; ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable Origin: Made in America  
Our drop-waist dress features a gathered bottom to make it a fun, easy style to wear for any occasion. roundneck sleeveless 35¼-37 5/8 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Our romper has a cute design and bowtie belt to complete her adorable look. roundneck sleeveless elastic waist with bow button back closure polyester hand wash, hang dry imported
With UPF protection, easy care and moisture absorption, the PGA Tour women's golf performance woven skort fits your performance and style needs to a tee. DriFlux moisture absorption SunFlux 50 protects skin from harmful rays elastic waistband 3-pocket styling 17 outer skirt length polyester washable imported
Grind your own specialty burgers or gourmet sausage with the commercial-quality Chef's Choice professional food grinder. rugged, cast-metal construction with powerful motor advanced high-torque, gear drive system produces high output—3½ lbs./minute—even with the toughest meats large capacity die-cast metal hopper compact design three-way control switch for grinding and stuffing integrated handle for ease of movement and storage Includes: 3 stainless steel grinding plates (3mm, 4.5mm and 8mm) forged grinding knife sausage stuffing kit 350-400 watts. AC. Cast metal/stainless steel. Measures 11.63x7.5x15.25H. Hand wash removable parts. Imported.  
All hands on deck for this beautiful porthole wall mirror. A fresh take on the captain’s mirror, its simple beauty gives your wall a unique sense of sea-faring style.   rich rust finish on frame and knob rope serves as the hanging element knob mounts separately to allow for adjustable slack in rope Metal, MDF, mirrored glass and rope. Mirror measures 20x25H. Imported.
true Don't let the whirr of your microwave oven's venting system get under your skin. This LG microwave features powerful ExtendaVent 2.0 technology, providing a broad area of coverage that's as quiet as it is effective. Added features including touch controls and a variety of cooking settings make it a convenient addition to your kitchen. 2.2 cu. ft. capacity is the industry's largest, providing plenty of room to heat large dishes 1000 watts deliver thorough cooking results 10 power levels for powerful cooking flexibility ExtendaVent™ 2.0 system provides a broad area of ventilation for your range, efficiently reducing smoke and lingering cooking smells from the kitchen QuietPower Ventilation 400 CFM exhaust fan with 3 power levels (Turbo, High, Low) for quietly and efficiently removing odor and smoke control SmoothTouch™ LED glass controls located at the bottom of the microwave door for a sleek look that's easy to use EasyClean® interior lets you enjoy fast, high-performance cleaning inside and out without using chemicals 14.2 turntable features on/off function to improve circulation for more even cooking and defrosting bi-level cooking rack for added flexibility auto, time and rapid defrost provide added flexibility for thawing foods from the fridge or freezer humidity-sensing technology determines when food is cooked and automatically turns off the appliance to prevent over- or under-cooking melt-and-soften feature uses a low-wattage setting to melt or soften butter, cream cheese or chocolate without boiling or scorching 8 Sensor Cooking options determine when food is cooked and automatically turns off the appliance to prevent over- or under-cooking Energy Savings key feature saves energy by turning off display when not in use (after 5-minute inactivity period) child lock setting enables you to deactivate the keypad, preventing the oven from being accidentally started incandescent cooktop lighting features 3 settings for added convenience luxurious, fingerprint-resistant finish 29x17x15
Keep your clothing and fabrics looking like new with the Conair battery-operated fabric defuzzer. safely removes pills and fuzz from most fabrics keeps clothes and fabrics looking like new 3-setting distance controller for customized fabric shave large 1⅞ shaving head detachable collection compartment for easy emptying requires 2 AA batteries, not included Plastic. Measures 2¾x3⅞x7½H. Wipe clean. Imported.  
The stitching details and contoured insole of these flip flops provide comfort with every stylish step. contour insole polyurethane/EVA imported
Take it easy at work and after-hours with the versatile, ultra-comfortable style of our stretch-knit pull-on pants. 31 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported 
With a single top handle and adjustable strap, this roomy shoulder bag allows for versatile styling while carrying all of your essentials. top handle, 10.375” drop adjustable strap, approx. 20 drop top zip closure synthetic; synthetic lining exterior zip pocket 3 interior slip pockets 10¼Hx12¾Wx2½”D imported
This full-zip paint splatter jacket has a novelty zip pocket on the sleeve. midweight zip closure long sleeves exterior pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Enhance the beauty of your draperies with these ivy finial holdbacks from Rod Desyne.   includes two J hooks with ivy finials J hook projection is approximately 3 sold in pairs Steel. Measures 0.25x4x5H. Imported.    
With these ultra-comfortable slip-on shoes, you won't have to sacrifice style for substance. construction synthetic/cotton/nylon upper rubber sole details neoprene collar for easy on and off memory foam footbed for comfort all-terra outsoles for better grip
These training joggers are built for your most intense workout but also have the fleece comfort that makes them perfect for relaxing. elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
A look with lots to love, this ring features a trio of heart-shaped lab-created aquamarine flanked by sparkling diamond accents. A split shank crafted of polished 14K yellow gold over sterling silver lends the perfect finish.Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: 3mm, 5mm heart-shaped lab-created aquamarineOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: ProngGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Textured scuba adds to the must-have appeal of our hooded zip-front jacket with kangaroo pockets. drawstring hood polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: approx. 24¼ - 25¾ length petite: approx. 22¾ - 24¾ length
Break out of your everyday solids and try a new look with this multicolor plaid tie from Stafford. 3¼ wide; 63 long 100% silk spot clean imported
Her sweet style will bloom in this darling set, featuring a floral-printed, crochet lace dress with a flower accent at the waist paired with solid-colored legging. includes short-sleeve dress and leggings ribbon and bow at waist 3-button placket on back functional spaghetti ties on back dress: polyester leggings: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Rugged buckle straps and a lived-in wash are the perfect complement to these ultra-comfortable booties by Clarks. technology Cushion Soft technology offers softness you can feel from your first step, long-lasting comfort and fit with minimal cushion compression optimal breathability via open-cell technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed absorbs impact and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction leather upper rubber sole details approx. 1¼ heel approx. 7 shaft height 11½ shaft circumference side zip and stretch gore fabric lining Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
What it is: A hydrating lip treatment with an all-natural scent and flavor from virgin coconut oil and rose absolute. What it is formulated to do: Organic virgin coconut oil and hydrating rose absolute combine to help protect, smooth, and soften lips in this lightweight and deeply moisturizing formulation. This product works wonders when layered with lip colors or can be used as a stand-alone lip healing treatment. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: Contains absolutely no artificial ingredients, fillers, alcohol, animal ingredients, fragrances, artificial colors, or unnatural preservatives. Each ingredient is included for a therapeutic reason. No animal testing is conducted on Herbivore’s products or ingredients. Suggested Usage: -Apply to lips with fingertips or lip brush. Precautions: -For external use only. Size:0.17 ozIngredients:-Virgin Coconut Oil: Hydrates deeply and supports natural cellular and tissue health. -Rose Extract: Fights the appearance of signs of aging and cellular damage in skin. Cocos Nucifera Oil (Virgin Coconut), Non-GMO Hydrogenated Soybean Oil, Limnanthes Alba (Meadowfoam) Seed Oil, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax, Orchid Root Extract, Rosa Damascena Distillate (Rose), Tocopherol (Vitamin E).
Update your office look with our top, featuring allover lace details for a touch of femininity. ●    roundneck●    3/4 sleeves●    button at center back●    lace details●    22.875-24 length●    polyester●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
Shake up your kitchen routine with this 5-in-1 power blender from cooks. Whether you’re whipping up a healthy smoothie or mixing and blending homemade sauce, every process is easier and more convenient with this 6-piece high-power blender. stainless steel blades makes blending, whipping, chopping, grinding and mixing effortless drink directly from the blending cup with the comfort lip ring includes quick and easy recipes high-power base with a 120V, 60hZ motor 6-piece set includes: high power base 13½-ounce blending cup 6-ounce grinding cup comfort lip ring stainless steel grinding blade stainless steel blending blade 240 watts. Plastic/stainless steel. Hand wash base; blades and cups are top-rack dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Enjoy luxury and sophistication with this beautifully tufted ottoman bench featuring unique crossed legs for a modern twist. sturdy wood frame and legs finger-joint joinery webbed spring system cushion filled with polyurethane foam and polyester fiber Upholstery is 65% polyester/27% viscose/8% linen. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 41Wx17Dx17H. Assembly required. Imported.
Add some cute to your cool with our irresistible high-low graphic T-shirt. approx. 25½ - 28¼ front length approx. 27¾ - 30½ back length jersey knit polyester/rayon washable imported
This sepia-toned canvas wall art is perfect for country life or a cabin retreat as it features the words “outdoors/hiking/quiet/hunting/renew/adventure/country/relax/mountain/fishing/peaceful/wilderness”. This museum-quality print and gallery-wrapped canvas has an ultra-violet light protected coating to keep it from fading.   canvas/wood/metal UV-coated finish 1½ wooden (MDF) stretcher bars mounting hardware included 16x20 made in America
Our fun flutter-sleeve top boasts boho-chic style from the easygoing fit to the tie neckline.  roundneck elbow sleeves 27 1/8-29 1/16 length polyester washable imported
Tapered legs for a closer fit and an elastic waistband make these pull-on scrubs a comfortable and fashionable addition to your uniform. elastic waist slash pockets cargo pockets tapered leg 30½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Lee pull-on leggings fit close to the body without being binding. Super stretchy, they'll move with you throughout your day with ease. Seamless pull-on styling will keep your tummy flat and smooth. sits at waist pull-on style with faux button functional front and back pockets 13 leg opening 30½ inseam houston, rinse: super soft denim black: super soft knit cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Change up your style with our heathered pique polo, made from 100% soft cotton.  spread collar 2-button placket short sleeves left chest embroidery 100% cotton washable imported
With their silver-tone accents and glamorous sparkles, these curtain hooks help create a beautiful Hollywood-inspired look in your bathroom. resin wipe clean 3x1x1 imported
These playful black-chain tassel earrings will add a stylish look to any outfit.     Metal:  Black tone metalBack: WireDimensions: 2 long  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Men's tungsten ring features a domed design for maximum comfort. Tungsten carbide metal ensure this band will stay beautiful, resisting scratching even in the toughest situations.   Metal: Tungsten carbide Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With its super-soft memory foam and classic look, this bath mat set is just what you need to stay comfortable and dry after your bath or shower. Bounce Comfort memory foam offers plush feel microfiber surface helps repel water for quick and easy drying and is stain-resistant polyester with latex backing washable imported 2-piece set includes: 17x24 rug 20x32 rug
Our flat-front capris feature a relaxed fit and slimming solutions with a style that easily pairs with a variety of tops.  L-pockets straight cropped leg mid rise flat front rayon/nylon/spandex washable imported
Make your workout more fun and comfortable with our colorblock tank top featuring no-chafe seams and Quick-Dri moisture-wicking fabric. scoopneck polyester washable imported
This bedskirt features a sheer cotton voile drop with a separate lining in a matching color for opaque coverage. split corners for poster beds 18 drop Cotton drop; polyester platform. Washable. Imported. Twin: 39x75 Full: 54x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 78x80
You won’t need to hide when you wear this adidas stamp camo t-shirt that offers comfort, style and easy care. regular fit crewneck short sleeves polyester/cotton washable imported
Durable men's workwear jacket is quilted and perfect for cool-weather layering.   knit collar and cuffs full zip inside pocket cell pocket drop back long sleeves quilted polyester washable imported 
Get ready for rainy weather in our rain boots, featuring a tall boot shaft and brass belt buckles for a classic look.   ●    rubber upper with 100% brass buckles●    1 heel●    12 shaft height●    14 shaft circumference●    brass buckles on upper●    round toe●    rubber lug sole  
This elegant lounge chair has 4 adjustable back positions and 2 wheels for easy portability, making it the perfect poolside companion.   cast aluminum construction with UV-resistant, powder-coated finish sealed with a clear coat for protection nylon guides prevent damage caused by movement cushion also available (sold separately) Aluminum/stainless steel. Wipe clean with damp cloth. Measures 25½x72x39½H. Imported. 
Secure your comfort for every day of the work/school week with this 5-pack of soft, all-cotton sport briefs from Ecko Unlimited. tagless sits just below waist regular fit cotton washable imported
The easy-care technology of our woven poplin shirt means you'll spend less time on care and more time looking great.  button-down collar button front short sleeves left chest pocket cotton/polyester/rayon washable imported
What it is: A set of three translucent, long-wearing, buildable gel stains that give skin a natural flushed look. What it does: Give cheeks a festive and juicy pop for the holidays with these colorful and buildable mini gel blushes. The long-lasting formula is infused with hibiscus extract to leave skin looking fresh, for hours. This set contains: - 3 x 0.35 oz Blush in Peony (light pink), Dahlia (warm berry), Lotus (sheer red) What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens What else you need to know: These colors are sheer when first applied, but are buildable for more intensity. Each tube offers quite a bit of product per use; a little goes a long way. Suggested Usage: -Apply directly on to the apples of your cheeks and blend outward with a makeup brush. -One layer gives you a subtle flush, while layering the formula will intensify these juicy shades. Precautions: -To avoid staining your fingertips, we recommend using the PRO Small Stippling Brush #42. Ingredients:Peony: Water, Propylene Glycol, Glycerin, Styrene/Acrylamide Copolymer , Carbomer , Fragrance, Caprylyl Glycol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Aminomethyl Propanol, Polyurethane-58, Limonene, Benzoic Acid, Phenoxyethanol, Tropolone , Hydroxycitronellal, Benzyl Salicylate, Linalool, Citronellol, Sodium Sulfate, Sodium Chloride, Hexylene Glycol, Hibiscus Sabdariffa Flower Extract, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate. (+/-) : CI 15985 (Yellow 6), CI 16035 (Red 40), CI 17200 (Red 33), CI 19140 (Yellow 5), CI 42090 (Blue 1). Dahlia: Water, Propylene Glycol, Glycerin, Carbomer, Fragrance, Caprylyl Glycol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Aminomethyl Propanol, Polyurethane-58, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene, Tropolone, Hydroxycitronellal, Sodium Chloride, Benzyl Salicylate, Linalool, Sodium Sulfate, Citronellol, Hexylene Glycol, Styrene/Acrylamide Copolymer , Hibiscus Sabdariffa Flower Extract, Benzoic Acid, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate. (+/-) : CI 15985 (Yellow 6), CI 16035 (Red 40), CI 17200 (Red 33), CI 19140 (Yellow 5), CI 42090 (Blue 1). Lotus: Water, Propylene Glycol, Glycerin, Carbomer, Fragrance, Caprylyl Glycol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Aminomethyl Propanol, Polyurethane-58, Phenoxyethanol, Limonene, Tropolone, Hydroxycitronellal, Sodium Chloride, Benzyl Salicylate, Linalool, Sodium Sulfate, Citronellol, Hexylene Glycol, Styrene/Acrylamide Copolymer , Hibiscus Sabdariffa Flower Extract, Benzoic Acid, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate. (+/-) : CI 15985 (Yellow 6), CI 16035 (Red 40), CI 17200 (Red 33), CI 19140 (Yellow 5), CI 42090 (Blue 1).
With an attractive teardrop shape, this elegant wine carafe is impressive for serving guests. handcrafted in Poland ample 50-oz. liquid capacity thinner rim with directional pour polished rim for smooth finish annealed for sturdiness and durability 9.875x7x7H soda-lime glass hand wash imported Note: Glass may vary slightly from dimensions listed because each piece is handmade.
Hit the track or the office in our crew socks designed for maximum comfort gives you plenty of styling options every day. cotton/polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
Over a tee or over a button-front, you’ll love the easy-going good looks of this sweater— so much that we made it reversible, so you can wear it two days in a row and no one will ever know. mockneck quarter zip long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
This comforter set features a striking starburst design that adds artistic flair to your space. beautiful artistic starburst design in cool shades of blue and green coordinating miniature chevron print on back 200-thread-count-cotton 3-piece Twin sets include: comforter sham bedskirt with 15 drop 4-piece Full, Queen and King sets include: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin, Full and Queen sets include standard sham(s). King sets include king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton sham(s) and bedskirt. Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 68x90; sham is 26x20; bedskirt is 39x75 Full: comforter is 84x90; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 54x75 Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 60x80 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 78x80
The color of love, this red ruby pendant impresses with its intricate cushion cut and its rose-tone setting with diamond accents and filigree detailing. Timeless, yet trendy, it's a pendant you'll treasure forever.   Metal: Rose-tone sterling silver Stones: Lab-created cushion-cut red ruby Other Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Bezel and pavé Length: 18 Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our long-sleeve crewneck tee has the relaxed look of layers with the comfort and convenience of one easy piece.   cotton/polyester washable imported misses: approx. 26⅛ - 28⅛ length petite: approx. 23½ - 35½ length
The charming quilted design adds homespun texture to the Danville coverlet set and makes it a cozy addition to your bedroom decor.   modern styling in relaxing earth tones all pieces necessary for a fully outfitted bed microfiber finish, pieced construction face 7-piece set includes: coverlet 2 shams 2 Euro shams 2 decorative pillows Polyester coverlet with cotton fill; polyester Euro shams; polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Queen: comforter is 90x90 King: comforter is 104x94
Keep comfy and stay mobile with our baselayer shorts from Nike. elastic waist tight fit midrise 5 inseam polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Celebrate St. Patrick’s Day with this three-pair stud earring set, which is perfect for those with multiple piercings.   Metal: Multicolor metal Back: Post Dimensions: 1/2x1/2” long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
With plush seat cushions for maximum comfort and handsome faux-leather upholstery, these dining chairs add an upscale touch to any space.   solid hardwood frame finger-joint joinery cushions filled with upholstery foam dark brown legs each has a 250-pound weight capacity set of 2 Upholstery is polyurethane. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Each measures 18Wx24Dx40H with a 19 seat height. Assembly required. Imported.
Firm-control briefs flatten the tummy, slim the hips and provide all-over shaping for a beautifully smooth you.   full figure nylon/spandex cotton-lined panty panel machine wash, line dry imported of domestic materials
This coverlet set features a whimsical floral print with sketched leaves for an artistic update to your space. watercolor flower design in shades of pink and orange with sketched leaves bright orange on back decorative pillows feature floral design and stitching details to accent the look 4-piece Twin/Twin XL sets include: coverlet sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen sets include: coverlet 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester coverlet with cotton, polyester, rayon and olefin fill; polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: coverlet is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12 Full/Queen: coverlet is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12
Let her express herself in style in this light and versatile tank top, which features a macramé braid back that she'll absolutely love. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
She'll be yours once she sees this round cubic zirconia ring that boasts tons of sparkle.   Metal: Silver-plated brass Stones: Cubic zirconia Gallery Height: 8mm Band Width: 2mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With a built-in lid and toilet tissue holder, this potty is like a grown-up one, but just their size. The seat can also be used atop a real toilet for training. Plus, with the lid closed, the potty becomes a step stool!   soft, contoured seat flushable wipes holder and toilet tissue dispenser help promote hygiene habits for ages 18 months to 5 years 13x9.5x15.5H fully assembled plastic and vinyl wipe clean made in America of imported material
With a gathered waist and jeweled lace bodice, it's no wonder our sleeveless sheath dress is an instant favorite. jewelneck sleeveless back zipper 42½ length from shoulder lace polyester/nylon/spandex machine wash, flat dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Our Universal shorts work for almost any occasion—from a wild night out to a relaxed day at the beach. regular fit zip front with button closure straight leg flat front 12 ½” inseam polyester/rayon washable imported
The embroidered damask design on this square decorative pillow is framed by a pleated ribbon trim and bordered by a delicate twist cord. decorative cord and gimp detailing measures 18x18 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Roughly the size of a binoculars case, our foldover crossbody bag makes a charming impression while keeping your personal gear at your fingertips when life picks up the pace.   adjustable crossbody strap, 22 drop foldover styling with zipper closure synthetic; polyester lining exterior zipper pocket interior zipper pocket and 2 slip pockets 8½(H) x 9½(W) x 2¼(D) imported
Lace details on the neckline and fashionable dolman sleeves make our Stylus tee a must for casual, warm-weather wear. v-neck short sleeves misses:  approx. 26⅝-28 length tall:  approx. 28 1/8-30 1/16 length rayon/polyester washable imported
Cotton duck aviator hat keeps your head comfortably covered with layers of cold-weather protection, including a quilted cotton lining with Thinsulate™ insulation and faux-fur trim. cotton lining with Thinsulate™ insulation snap-down visor button-open ear panels snap buckle closure shell and lining: cotton faux fur: polyester washable imported
Add volume and texture to her look with the ruffle front of our georgette dress.  scoopneck sleeveless ruffle front belt polyester machine wash, line dry imported
With great traction and an on-trend floral design, these clogs are your go-to for functional style. construction micro suede upper synthetic sole details 1” heel slip-on entry backless clogs with decorative flower and stone design soft, breathable fabric is lightweight and shock absorbing padded insole with soft lining
Get the look you love in this Playtex 18 Hour bra boasting a seamless, allover smoothing design and no-slip straps.   soft 2-ply cups provide moisture management & a small look under clothes no more back or side bulges narrower cushioned straps help prevent dig-in, plus the “No-Slip” straps stay on your shoulders where they belong hand wash, line dry nylon/spandex imported
This Circulon Momentum square griddle combines durable performance with superior nonstick technology and dishwasher-safe cleaning convenience. TOTAL Nonstick System features top-quality PFOA-free, metal-utensil safe Autograph® nonstick on raised circles for exceptional food release and effortless cleanup heavy-gauge, hard-anodized aluminum construction distributes heat beautifully to reduce hot spots that can burn food silicone-enhanced stainless steel handle is dual riveted for durability and provides a comfortable, confident hand grip suitable for all stovetops except induction oven safe up to 400ºF   Aluminum with stainless steel/silicone handle. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
You’ll be star struck with this tee featuring Trukfit’s mascots and accented with a ribbed collar. crewneck 100% cotton washable made in America
A front center slit gives extra give to our refined pencil skirt. side-seam zipper slim fit 28¾ length polyester/spandex washable imported
These striped shorts from The Foundry Supply Co. have an extendable waist for an easier fit. relaxed fit zip and button closure flat front sits at waist extendable waistband straight leg 10 inseam welt pocket at back hemmed 100% cotton washable imported
Go from desk to dinner with comfortable ease in our sleeveless button-front top. collarneck sleeveless front button 30 length 100% cotton washable imported
Get outside and look the part with our Realtree camo cotton shorts. 2 side and 2 back pockets 2 leg pockets zip fly with button closure 11 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
These easy-going pants from adidas offer styling that’s welcome on and off the court.   regular fit sits at waist terry-lined elastic waist side seam pockets embroidered logo on left leg closed bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
This lovable fairy is even better as a soft plush and features embroidered and satin details.   Disney Collection only at JCPenney fully assembled polyester hand wash imported
These closed-toe leather sandals feature cut-outs and removable insoles for all day comfort with style. construction leather upper synthetic sole details 2” heel closed toe adjustable hook and loop closure leather lining removable insoles and deep pocket to accommodate a custom orthodic soft, breathable fabric provides great traction in any weather side stitching and cut-outs on the upper add interest
Too often overlooked, the warm notes of rose-tone are on fine display on this women’s chronograph watch. Features a sweeping second hand, full chronograph and stopwatch functions and a day/date display dial.   Brand: Caravelle New York® Dial Color: Rose-tone Strap: Silver-tone stainless steel Clasp: Foldover with pushers Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 36mm Case Thickness: 8⅛mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7¼” long, 12mm wide Model No.: 45L143 Special Features: rose-tone dial, silver-tone stainless steel bracelet, silver-tone case, silver-tone hands and markers, sweeping second hand, chronograph and stopwatch functions, day/date display, 3 ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Wrap up in our pretty floral loop neck scarf to add panache and pattern.  20x68 polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Once you slip these lightweight slide sandals on it will feel like walking on clouds. technology SuperCloud Plus Footbed for incredible comfort construction durable synthetic upper injection-molded EVA rubber outsole details trendy graphic print adidas logo
Kick it in a pair of these crisp cargos. They never go out of style, they come in versatile color options and the included belt ensures a great fit every time.   button-and-zipper closure sits below the waist tonal d-ring belt with contrast stitching 6 pockets with extra snap pockets on sides loose fit, hits below the knee 11½ inseam cotton washable imported 
Visually interesting from all angles, these double-drop earrings create an expression that's uniquely yours.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Pink glass stones Back: Leverback Dimensions: .65x2 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
true Top of the line performance is ready for anything your family needs, with this GE® Artistry™ series dishwasher featuring a modern design and flush appearance that complements your kitchen and blends in with your cabinetry. ENERGY STAR® qualified 54 dBA with status light on door chrome accent control panel with 2/4/8-hour Delay Start  4-pass wash and dry element evenly heats water for washing and air for drying two-pump system provides excellent wash performance with reduced sound Piranha™ hard food disposer with removable filter Steam PreWash loosens tough soils before any cycle SpaceMaker® silverware basket can be placed on the rack or onto the door auto sensing cycle adjusts to soil level to maximize energy savings and ensure clean dishes sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes adjustable heights makes installation over built-up floors simple 
With bright LED lights and spring loaded shocks, this remote control Jeep is awesome for off-road action. wireless remote 2 frequencies for 2 person play 6 LED lights batteries not included no assembly required 12x7x7H plastic imported
ur fun swim trunks are an easy hit in the water and out with convenient pocket security and a fit and feel you can spend the whole day wearing.   waistband with laced front closure built-in mesh brief side mesh pocket and bungee key cord 11½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Take a stance on style. Let a modern design enhance your room with the Bali comforter set from Victoria Classics. polyester; polyester-filled comforter washable imported twin comforter: 68x88 twin xl comforter: 66x93 full/queen comforter: 90x92 2-pc. twin/twin xl set includes: 1 comforter 1 sham 3-pc. full/queen set includes: 1 comforter 2 shams Twin/twin xl and full/queen sets include standard sham(s).
This long-sleeve Ninjago tee blazes down the style path with sporty raglan sleeves and colorful graphic. crewneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Gotham City will have a new all-star when he puts on our cute Batman basketball set.  includes tank top and pull-on shorts crewneck elastic waist polyester washable imported
You won’t know how you ever lived without this 12-piece set of clear storage containers with matching lids, perfect for saving leftovers and storing snacks.   durable construction inner locking tabs and silicone ring ensure instant spill-proof seal warp- and stain-resistant clear design easily reveals contents microwave-,freezer- and dishwasher-safe LockTop bodies nest inside each other for convenient storage each lid fits multiple container sizes for easy mix/match containers neatly stack to optimize storage space BPA-free set includes: two 6.3-cup containers 5.5-cup container 3.8-cup container 2.5-cup container 1.7-cup container matching lids for each container Plastic. Measures 8 3/10x14 1/2x8”. Dishwasher-safe. Imported.
These shaper panties features maximum-power-mesh for slimming that streamlines your core and keeps everything under control.   super-slimming control inner power-mesh tames the tummy brushed elastic finish keeps waist in place sleek fabric remains invisible under clothes full-coverage design and ride-free fit nylon/spandex/elastane body and lining cotton gusset, exclusive of trim washable imported manufacturer's style #1954
Put a fun twist on your everyday look with our ballet flats featuring a flirty cutout design on the outside of the shoe. synthetic upper cushioned insole flexible rubber sole
Take your jeans look to the next level with our capris and their fun embellished back pockets. mid rise embellished back pocket 5-pocket style 23 inseam; 21 rolled cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported    
Set your sights on an unforgettable moment with this bridal ring set. The brightest of diamonds from a square halo encircle a larger princess diamond for an unbelievable effect, while a single row of channel-set diamonds makes its way down the shoulders. The accompanying wedding band is designed to match perfectly with the engagement ring.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a ⅓ ct. princess center stone Setting: Prong, pavé, channel and bezel Color: H-I Clarity: 11-12 Dimensions: 21.9x8.1mm Gallery Height: 7.3mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
His everyday activities will be more comfortable than ever with our athletic shoes and their conforming memory foam. construction leather/mesh/synthetic upper EVA sole details lace up gel-infused memory foam insole
Metal: Silver-tone metalMaterials: GlassBack: PostDimensions: 0.25-0.5x0.25-.075 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Perfect for the handy man at home or on the go, this portable workshop with removable tool box has ample room for all your supplies.  heavy-duty portable tool box 2 large storage compartments 2 removable trays fold-down handle with comfort grip 24 compartments for small parts removable top storage cable hooks keep extension cords organized Polypropylene/metal. Measures 17½x10x24½H. Imported.
Casual, playtime looks get an extra kick of spunk with this long-sleeve, graphic tee from Okie Dokie. crewneck long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Graduated crystals in a classic 3-stone design.     Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Genuine Austrian crystals Back: Wire   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our cropped pants offer classic fit, straight leg styling, a slimming tummy panel and a touch of spandex to give you a comfortable and fashionable option. two slash pockets on front two welt pockets on back 19 inseam denim: cotton/polyester/spandex all other colors: cotton/spandex washable imported
Show off your feminine style in the pretty print lace detail of our short-sleeve top. v-neck with notch short sleeves missy: 25¼ length petite: 23¼ length polyester machine wash, line dry imported 
These easy jogger pants from IZOD will quickly become a grab-and-go favorite in any weekly lineup. elastic waist with faux fly and decorative bow at center 2 side pockets elastic cuffs polyester washable imported
Get him romping around in this cotton romper featuring a cute collar, gingham print and an embroidered chest pocket. It’s a great choice as a stand-alone outfit or paired with a long-sleeve tee or pants for an adorable layered look.   front-button closure pocket detail short sleeves nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
For the fan who wants to be noticed, these bold color sunglasses are hip and edgy.     UV protection plastic imported Warning: this product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm
An elegant solution to keeping your tie in place.   gift boxed clip closure 2¾ long brass/brushed stainless steel imported
A dazzling piece of garden artwork, this outdoor fountain’s three tiers and classic structure are softened by its delicately curved design.   sturdy polyresin construction brown, earthy finish 3-tier, UL-listed electric water pump Measures 25Wx25Dx45H. Assembly required. Imported.  
Give your style some old world charm with this silver-tone butterfly ring with antique finishing.Metal: Silver-tone metal Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You'll love the deep v-neck and adorable cap-sleeves on our floral fit-and-flare dress. v-neck cap sleeves 37½ length from shoulder polyester lining polyester/elastane machine wash, dry flat imported
The elastic straps on these sandals make them easy to put on and take off, and also comfortable to wear.   synthetic and elastic upper 3¾” molded, faux-cork heel elastic straps gold-tone detail
Our Maidenform tank top can be worn as a layering piece with your outfit or it can be worn invisibly underneath your clothes. Perfect for everyday wear, our seamless tank gives you smooth support under even your most form-fitting clothes. It features adjustable straps for comfort while it smooths your tummy, waist and back.   offers everyday control smooths tummy, waist and back great layering peice seamless design for a sleek, smooth silhouette adjustable straps nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #12584
Elevate your cool, casual look with our must-have ballet flats, fashioned with edgy double-buckle accents and a cushioned footbed. polyurethane upper memory foam insole molded polyurethane sole
Ready, set, go geo in our beautifully bold tankini swim top, featuring a high-neck and sultry open back. partially lined soft cups nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
A classic knit sweater pattern gives our cozy boot slippers wintry appeal that's only made better by the soft, warm lining and beaded tassel tie. heel kick for support beaded tassel tie acrylic upper blue: polyester furpa lining copper: polyester fleece lining; polyester furpa cuff rubber sole wipe clean with a damp cloth, dry flat imported
This embroidered Simba bodysuit lives by the Hakuna Matata motto with back and leg snaps for no worry changes. roundneck short sleeves 3 back snaps 3 leg snaps 100% cotton washable imported
Texture, color and shine—this scarf has it all. acrylic/polyester/other hand wash, dry flat imported
Cinch up any look with this reversible belt from Levi’s. 1½ wide bonded leather/leather imported   For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Our versatile relaxed-fit straight leg chino crop pants can be worn rolled or unrolled to suit your mood and style. 28 inseam unrolled 25 inseam rolled 4-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported
Our absolutely charming fit-and-flare dress sings with plucky polka dots and a mesh yoke that's unstoppable.   scoopneck sleeveless exposed back zipper belt included approx. 36¼ length from shoulder lined polyester mesh yoke: polyester/spandex taffeta lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Bring a gray crosshatch pattern to your shoe organization with our over-the-door shoe shelves, featuring twenty six shelves for shoe storage, with thirteen layers split into side-by-side compartments. gray crosshatch pattern 26 shelves with 13 layers split into side-by-side compartments see-through front maximizes visibility and provides access to shelves open to either side clean with damp cloth 22x6x63H easy assembly imported
Get rugged styling in the original straight fit you love with these stow-it-all cotton twill cargo pants from Arizona. original straight fit sits below waist zip fly with button closure 2 front scoop pockets 2 side cargo pockets 2 back flap pockets flat front straight leg hemmed 100% cotton washable imported
A satin-hemmed overlay and beaded neckline infuse glamour into this ultra-chic sheath dress. scoopneck sleeveless back zipper closure 39½ length from shoulder lined polyester dry clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Look cool and casual in our plaid button-front shirt, featuring an oversized style that pairs great with leggings or skinny jeans.  long sleeves button front 100% cotton washable imported
Get effortless style with our lace-up oxfords, featuring a hip, urban look that works for business or casual wear.  canvas upper rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Comfortable and supportive, this seamless ruched crop bra is perfect for her. nylon/spandex washable imported
These pleated dress pants from Stafford take your look to the next level with superior versatility and comfort. wrinkle-resistant fabric permanent crease Stafford-Ease comfort waistband classic fit sits at waist zip fly with button tab and hook-and-eye closure pleated front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets hemmed polyester/viscose washable imported
Hand blown, classically styled and engraved with the initial of your choice, these double old-fashioned glasses come in a handsome set of 4 that's perfect for cocktail time.   hand-blown glass free personalization with single initial on each glass 13¼ ounce-capacity set of 4 Glass. Measures 4½ tall with 2 base. Made in America. If you want this personalized, click on the monogramming box at right and then add the item to your shopping bag. After placing the item in your bag, you will be prompted to add your free personalization of 1 letter.
She can achieve Elsa-perfect hair with this collection of six combs featuring snowflake pendants.   each measures 3x2x½  imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years of age.
Our comfy knot-front top can be paired with other items in your wardrobe or worn alone for a casual, everyday look. short sleeves 19½-21½ front length rayon machine wash, dry flat imported
Become the envy of all who view this pear-shaped genuine emerald and diamond ring set in classic yellow gold.  Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: Pear-shaped genuine emerald Other Stones: 1/10 ct. t.w. round diamonds Diamond Color: G-H Diamond Clarity: I1-I2   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Sparkling brown crystals shine on these stunning gold-tone stud earrings. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Brown acrylic stonesBack: PostDimensions: .5x.7 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Featuring THERMAflex-lined warmth in a tech-friendly design, these SmarTouch gloves from Isotonor allow for seamless interaction with touch screens while your hands stay warm and flexible.           THERMAflex™ lining for increased warmth and superior flexibility      SmarTouch construction allows for pinpoint accuracy on touchscreens gathered wrist fleece sidewalls no-slip palm improves grip for secure handling of devices shell: polyester/nylon palm: polyester/LYCRA® spandex back and palm lining: polyester lining tips: polyester/nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
A fresh floral print lends bold style to this sleeveless dress from Carter’s. sleeveless back zip closure tacked grosgrain ribbon belt dress: crepe fabric lining: taffeta fabric polyester washable imported
This short-sleeve graphic tee features Quick-Dri sweat-wicking fabric to keep him cool and active, especially when temperatures are heating up. crewneck polyester washable imported
What it is: A kit with three highlight and three contour shades in one easy-to-clean palette. What it does: Expertly sculpt and define your features with these highly blendable shades. A cream version of the cult-favorite original Contour Kit from Anastasia Beverly Hills, they come in Light to Deep kits to match all skintones. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: Choose the kit that matches your skintone: Light: Fair (pure sand), Neutral (sheer peach), Banana (pale yellow), Java (mocha), Light Sculpt (sepia brown), and Havana (warm russet). Fair: Fair (pure sand), Fawn (café latte), Lustre (sheer porcelain), Mink (toasted almond), Shadow (caramel latte), and Soft Light (pale peach). Medium: Cream (golden wheat), Banana (pale yellow), Warm Coral (orange pink), Cinnamon (reddish brown), Chocolate (coconut shell), and Ash Brown (cool medium brown). Deep: Carob (deep mahogany), Chocolate (coconut shell), Coral (reddish orange), Espresso (rich chocolate), Nude (golden cream), and Rich Earth (dark golden brown). Suggested Usage: -Prep the skin with moisturizer, foundation, and concealer. -Contour Cream should be applied before any powder products, including finishing powders, blushes, and bronzers. -Use shades like Banana and Warm Coral under the eyes to cancel out darkness. -To achieve a matte finish, use coordinating shades from the powder Contour Kits on top. Precautions: -Keep in cool, dry place.Size:6 pans x 0.16 oz
Embrace your boho side with our light and easy soft shorts, complete with a tassel tie at the waist. front pockets relaxed fit self-tie drawstring with tassel elastic waistband with shirring front pockets 3¾ inseam 100% rayon hand wash, line dry imported
You'll return to our Alfred Dunner pull-on capris again and again when you want an updated, casual look and all the comfort you love.   elastic waistband approx. 19-21 inseam slash pockets polyester washable imported      
Our personalized champagne flutes and cake serving set is a must have to make the details of your wedding even more exceptional. includes 2 silver rim champagne flutes, 2 cake forks and 1 serving cake knife free engraving; may be engaved with a single script initial on both the flutes and the cake knife with “Mrs.” and “Mrs.” on the forks at no additional cost flutes: silver-plated glass cake serving set: silver plated zinc alloy each flute measures 3x3x13.5H, with a 7-oz. capacity each cake fork measures 7x1 cake knife measures 9x2 hand wash imported
She’ll be ready for warm-weather fun in our tank top with fringe hem. roundneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Play in the rain with our adorable Henry Ferrer duck boots. synthetic/PVC upper buckle accent lace up ½ heel 8 shaft height 10 shaft circumference slip resistant PVC outer sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.     
Our shorts feature a drawstring waist and printed crinkle gauze for a super-cute warm-weather look. drawstring waist mid rise 2.5 inseam printed crinkle gauze 100% cotton washable imported
This rod-pocket curtain panel will bring an opulent touch to your space as rays of sun break through the sheer, floral design, showering your room with a warm and welcoming feel.   easy-to-hang rod-pocket styling light-filtering sheer fabric 3 bottom hem; ½ side hem Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Hang on a rod up to 1½” in diameter. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
The NutriBullet blender has the power to unlock the hidden nutrition inside the food we eat. stainless steel blade never needs sharpening flat blade ideal for milling grains, grinding fresh herbs and chopping nuts make and enjoy drinks right in the same cup handled comfort lip ring makes it easier to hold Includes: power base tall cup short cup with handheld comfort lip ring comfort lip ring extractor blade care and instruction booklet pocket nutritionist Plastic/metal. Measures 6.92x11.81x13.97H. Cups are top-shelf dishwasher safe. Wipe motor base clean.
Our long-sleeve shirt from Stafford is comfortable enough for all-day wear on your next business trip.●    wrinkle-free●    point collar●    long sleeves●    cotton/polyester●    washable●    imported  
Our polo features a three-button half placket with a spread collar and a regular fit for a casual sporty look.  3-button half placket with spread collar short sleeves regular fit cotton/polyester washable imported
Get flame-resistant protection in your favorite 5-pocket style with these relaxed-fit work jeans from Wrangler. arc-resistant waistband, flame-resistant pocketing safety orange ID tab for high visibility Nomex® seam thread and zipper tape sits at waist relaxed fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure authentic 5-pocket styling straight leg leg fits over boots 100% cotton washable imported
She'll love rolling and playing around on a sunny day when she's in this darling popover romper by Okie Dokie®. roundneck with ruffle sleeveless elastic waist cotton/polyester washable imported
This chronograph sport watch perfects your punctuality where an analog display is combined with a digital one, so you'll always be on time.   Brand: TKO ORLOGI Dial Color: Green Strap: Green silicone Movement: Quartz Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long Model No.: TK652GR Special Features: Stopwatch; day/date display; daily alarm; hourly chime; snooze feature; 12/24-hour format; mineral crystal   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Lounge comfortably in these plaid-patterned woven pajama pants from Jockey, featuring convenient side pockets and a discreet, hidden-button fly. classic fit sits at waist elastic waist with drawstring hidden button fly side-seam pockets cotton washable imported
When nothing but a soul-satisfying bowl of red will do, reach for this five-quart chili pot and your favorite recipe. made from heavy-gauge aluminum for unsurpassed heat distribution and durability unique belly shape provides enhanced heat and moisture circulation nonstick interior for excellent food release and easy cleanup tempered glass lid has a stainless steel rim and allows you to monitor cooking without losing moisture or flavor silicone handles are double riveted for durability and stay cool to the touch impact bonded 18/0 stainless steel base is suitable for use on induction, gas, ceramic top and electric ranges oven safe to 350°F Aluminum, stainless steel, glass and silicone. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Elegant and durable, this console table is a beautiful way to add display and storage space to your outdoor living area. solid teakwood construction light brown finish 2 open shelves 47Wx16Dx30H assembly required imported
With an enchanting bohemian medallion, this square decorative pillow adds calming color to your bedroom and coordinates perfectly with the Jasmine comforter set. aqua with embroidered medallion 18x18 polyester with polyester fill spot clean imported
Get sun protection even when you’re in the water with our swim tee. UPF 40+ sun protection Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric flat seams for reduced chafing crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported  
Face the chill with confidence in our cozy insulated jacket from Columbia, boasting waterproof and breathable construction to keep you comfortable no matter what the day brings. midweight waterproof and breathable fabric seam sealed adjustable hood interior security pocket zippered hand pockets adjustable cuffs drawstring adjustable hem 24 length from shoulder shell: Omni-Shield™  Ultra Touch; 100% polyester shell lining: THERMAL COIL® taffeta lining; 100% nylon insulation: 100g  Omni-Heat™ Thermal Insulation; synthetic down      washable imported
Add a little vitality to your business look with this midland dot tie. regular fit 58ʺ long, 3⅛ʺ wide silk/viscose dry clean imported
Featuring a cool short-sleeve design with front snaps for easy on and off, you'll love adding our knit duster robe to your nightly lineup. polyester washable imported 
Dress up your look with our beautifully neutral slingback pumps. synthetic upper and lining 2¾” heel TPR sole
Radiant blue stones shine in the center of these attention-grabbing silver-tone stud earrings. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Blue acrylic stonesBack: PostDimensions: .5x.7 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Throw on our JF J. Ferrar aviators for an iconic look you know and love. UV protection mirrored lenses metal frames
When it’s time for show-and-tell, boost his confidence with these twill pants, featuring wrinkle-free fabric and a comfortable adjustable waist.   hook and bar closure 2 front pockets, 1 back pocket soft finish cotton/polyester washable imported
These fun shoes let you enjoy all-day comfort and a features a versatile design that goes with any warm-weather outfit. cotton upper slip on OrthoLite® sockliner promotes a perfect fit rubber sole
Exceptional, café-quality coffee is at your fingertips with the Bunn 10-cup coffee maker.   classic design with stainless steel accents convenient close-and-brew lid vacation switch turns tank heat off stainless steel tank holds ready-to-brew water internal thermostat keeps water at ideal brewing temperature brews 10 cups of perfect coffee in 3 minutes lighted on/off switch shows warming plate has power porcelain-coated warming plate for easy cleanup patented sprayhead design improves coffee flavor extraction 900 watts. Stainless steel. Measures 15.5x8.75x14.6H. wipe clean; lid and carafe are top rack dishwasher safe. Includes glass carafe and paper filters.
Add some style to your casual look with our short-sleeve tee from BELLE + SKY. v-neck short sleeves 25 length polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Featuring moisture-wicking fabric and a full coverage, wireless support, this Bali bra is an easy choice when coverage and support matter. medium support extra coverage adjustable straps polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
The OrthoLite® cushioned footbed on these strap sandals make it possible for a cute and comfortable walk. technology Cushion Soft technology offers softness you can feel from your first step, long-lasting comfort and fit with minimal cushion compression optimal breathability via open-cell technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed absorbs impact and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction leather upper EVA sole details 2.25” heel
What it is: A tool with a flat, pointed silicone applicator that is used to apply challenging products. What it does: Featuring new technology, this flat, pointed silicone applicator is designed to collect and precisely apply shimmery loose powders and glitter without the product scattering or falling beneath the eyes. Its pointed tip allows for very accurate application. What else you need to know: After five years in development with makeup artists and fiber experts, MAKE UP FOR EVER Artisan Brushes are a revolution in brush craftsmanship. The 100-percent fiber brushes are available in a range of 76 handcrafted styles, each with the perfect balance of straight and wavy fibers that replicate natural hairs. Beveled tips create a two-in-one makeup brush and tool, while innovative hair density and brush head shapes optimize every stroke for ideal makeup application. To achieve the ultimate collection, every brush has gone through 25 production stages by 30 craftsmen and has been checked for quality 50 times.
Our comfortable Air Monarch IV training shoes from Nike ensure you're good to go—no matter if you're training for a mile run or a marathon.   technology lightweight Phylon midsole with full-length Air-Sole units for comfort and cushioning construction leather/synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up  
Scalloped lace edging gives a feminine touch to these comfortable, low-rise boyshorts.   stretches to move with body for a flexible fit polyester/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #40760
Thickly padded for a smooth ironing surface, this cover and pad feature a beautiful, convenient one-piece design. attached storage pocket can be left out or tucked under tailored nose and bungee cord binding provide a perfect fit hook-and-loop closure straps ensure cover and pad stay in place NANOMAX® technology provides stain, scorch and fade resistance while repelling water and dirt fits most standard ironing boards Cotton/foam. Measures 18x58½. Imported.
This gorgeous runner has a modern flair that works with contemporary as well as traditional decor, and creates visual interest and balance. crisp design tribal motif dyed for lasting color power-loomed flat weave polypropylene cotton backing crafted in Turkey .05 overall thickness measures 2'2x7'6      Stain Resistant: No      Fade Resistant: No      Slip Resistant: No      Fire Retardant: No      Rug Pad Recommended: Yes      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Professionally clean only.      Origin: Imported
The only thing cooler than a red saber-wielding Kylo Ren is you repping the red threat in our jersey knit T-shirt. cotton/polyester washable imported
This shaped valance pair provides added fullness for a window that needs coverage. Best of all, it's from our most versatile drapery collection—Supreme.   finely slubbed, tightly woven fabric enhanced by an elegant, subtle sheen easy-to-hang rod-pocket styling gimp detailing on bottom hem 3 header, ½ side hem 3 rod pocket Measures 86x35L. Sold in a pair; stated measurement is combined width of both valances. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Rayon/acetate with rayon gimp. Dry clean. Imported.  
true This LG Super Capacity refrigerator not only has the features to keep your food fresh, it’s got the room to store it all. Smart Cooling Plus technology keeps temperature and humidity right where it’s best for your food, and a Fresh Air Filter helps keep the air around your food from getting stale. And with the SmartPull™ Handle and 3-Tier Organization™ Freezer, keeping everything organized is a breeze. ENERGY STAR® qualified integrated tall water and ice dispenser provides convenient access for large glasses and pitchers Slim SpacePlus® ice system produces 4.5 pounds of ice daily and 4.9 pounds with a boost from the IcePlus™ feature while conserving shelf space Smart Cooling Plus™ technology maintains optimal temperature and humidity levels allowing food to stay fresher longer 4 split (3 fixed/1 folding) shelves, including a Glide N’ Access™ shelf, made of Spill Protector™ tempered glass make storing taller items, access and clean up easier includes 2 crispers and 1 Glide N’ Serve™ bonus drawer for added storage, smooth access and the freshest fruits and vegetables EasyReach™ bins on doors keep food accessible  pull drawer bottom freezer features 3-tier organization and dividers for easy-to-find frozen food storage 29.8 cu. ft. total capacity LED lighting on ceiling and sides delivers premium illumination alarm alerts you when door is left open sleek design elements such as contoured doors, hidden hinges and a modern finish make it a beautiful addition to any kitchen décor 3-door French door bottom freezer refrigerator has two fresh food doors and one freezer door
Don’t let Mother Nature slow you down, get out there with this rip-stop hoodie that is water and wind resistant. water resistant breathable wind resistant contrast zipper taping mesh lining regular fit hooded long sleeves polyester washable imported
Dressed up or dressed down, this faux snakeskin shoulder bag is the perfect finishing touch to your trend-right style. top straps, 10 drop zipper closure faux snake skin exposed zippers and hardware 2 exterior zipper pockets 2 interior zipper pockets 11½Hx4¼ Wx8¼D imported
A cute coverup in a stand-out hue that is perfect the the summer sun.  polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
You'll be ready for fight night with our Tapout striped tank top. crewneck polyester/spandex washable imported
Easy to slip on and comfortable for all-day wear, our ZCO capris feature a crochet detail that's sure to turn heads. slim fit zip fly with button closure 5 pockets rolled crop leg cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Layer on the warmth in properly preppy style with this striped thermal crewneck pullover from the U.S. Polo Association. crewneck left chest logo embroidery 100% cotton washable imported
This silk tie combines two less serious patterns to show that all work can still be playful.   silk spot clean imported  
Give your window treatments a whole new look with this set of holdbacks. They add a decorative touch when you want to keep your curtains open. includes 2 holdbacks each holdback measures ⅝ in diameter steel; resin finials imported
Inject style and versatility into your current closet with this easily reversible pebble-grain belt.   reverses from black to brown genuine leather with pebble grain 1 2/5 wide feather edge twist reversible gunmetal buckle imported more sizes: regular, big For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
A chic foil-printed chevron pattern and luxurious comfort make this elegant decorative pillow a must-have accent piece for your formal living space.   foil-printed cover plush and soft cotton cover with feather fill spot clean 12x18 imported
Our fitted capri leggings from Jockey move with you for a comfortable fit during workouts, yoga practice and all your other active pursuits. flat front gusset with wicking liner flocked logo heat seal label 17 inseam jersey knit black: cotton/spandex charcoal: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
A perfect combination of style and comfort make IZOD briefs the right choice.   includes 2 boxers cotton washable imported
Covered in light and dark blue stripes with a hint of red, this duvet cover set has the perfect splash of color to outfit your teens room. plaid design sham has solid dark blue back and plaid front 3-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: quilt sham decorative pillow 4-piece Full/Queen set includes: quilt 2 shams decorative pillow Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Coordinating accessories sold separately. Cotton quilt; polyester shams and decorative pillows. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: quilt is 68x90”; sham is 26x20”; decorative pillow is 18x10” Full/Queen: quilt is 88x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillow is 18x10”
Our scuba sheath dress delivers a va-va-voom silhouette and elegant necklace neckline for a curve-showcasing look that’s certain to turn heads. roundneck back zipper approx. 36½ - 39⅞ length from shoulder polyester/spandex knit polyester lining hand wash, dry flat imported
This cabinet will create a relaxed ambience in your bath with soothing tropical tones.   natural-finish bamboo frosted glass cabinet fronts sleek, contemporary hardware Sliding-door floor cabinet features 2 shelves behind double sliding cabinet doors. Sliding-door floor cabinet measures 21¾x10x34¾H. Bamboo/MDF/tempered glass. Some assembly required. Imported.
Your look will be out of this world in our cute Star Wars leggings. approx. 28 - 29 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported  
Look and feel your very best when you're in our sleeveless printed fit-and-flare dress by Danny Nicole. scoopneck 44 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
The cascading ombre stripes make our polo a unique piece of apparel, while the performance features will make you love its functionality.  PGA Tour Dry moisture absorption SunFlux UPF 50 sun protection Motionflux seams for optimal range of motion spread collar 3-button placket short sleeves side vents polyester washable imported
A toggle closure helps keep this plaid cape in place and in style. A hood and fringe round out the look. acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
Let your inner flapper take a walk on the natural side with this long, woven necklace. Mixed media, light green beads add subtle shimmer.   Stones: Light green glass and wood beads Material: Light green cotton thread Length: 32 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Steal the show with this genuine emerald ring that pops with lavish color from within a shimmering halo of diamonds.Metal: 10K yellow goldStone: 6x4mm oval genuine emeraldOther Stones: 1/3 ct. t.w. round diamondsSettings: Prong and channelGallery Height: 6mmGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Durability and allover comfort make these Wolverine men's over-the-calf socks a great choice for any tough job.   cushioned footbed for comfort stay-up top for secure fit reinforced heel and toe for durability arch compression for support ribbed, stay-up top soft cotton for breathability cotton/nylon washable made in America regular, package of 2 sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 9-13
Our skinny jeans feature a feminine cut for a bombshell fit that will make you miss them when they’re in the dryer.   approx. 29¼ - 34¼ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported 
With shimmering mirror interiors, these hardwood-frame building blocks are sure to keep your child's attention while they develop their building skills. includes 10 building blocks for ages 2+ no assembly required batteries not required rubberwood/acrylic imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
Creased, flat-front Wrangler work shorts have a clean and professional look. Functional details include spacious, hex-shaped cargo pockets, a seam gusset and a durable canvas-blend fabric.   regular fit sits just below waist flat front front slash pockets side cargo pockets inseam gusset cotton/polyester washable imported
Make a sophisticated yet demure statement in these mixed-shape crystal earrings. Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Crystals Back: Friction Dimensions: ½ long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Light up the night with this spectacular watch featuring 20 dazzling diamonds on the bezel. Large lugs and a leather strap make sure it’s comfortable against your wrist.   Brand: JBW Dial Color: Silver-tone Accents: ¼ ct. t.w. diamonds on bezel Strap: Black leather Movement: Swiss quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 23.5mm wide Model No.: JB-6211L-G   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our capris feature an elastic waist and button cuffs on the legs for a cool, casual look. ●    elastic waist●    flat front●    pull on●    button-cuff leg●    19 inseam●    polyester/cotton●    washable●    imported  
Our cropped jeans feature a cutoff bottom hem for a cool distressed look. button and zip fly 1 coin, 2 front and 2 back pockets straight fit low rise 24 inseam cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Add polished panache to your wardrobe with this single-stitch dress belt from Dockers. 1¼ wide                   leather/synthetic                              spot clean imported   For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.   
Featuring a lifelike photographic print, these oven mitts brighten your kitchen with a burst of lovely spring-inspired colors.   easy-care cotton fabric colorful floral design with gray trim loop allows for easy hanging coordinating apron, potholders and dish towels sold separately set of 2 Cotton. Each measures 7x13.Washable. Imported.
Warm up your room with the rich-brown tones of this chunky-weave wastebasket that features a removable liner.   chunky-weave design removable liner Measures 10-1/2x10-1/2x11-1/2. Willow/cotton. Wipe clean with soft cloth; liners are washable. Imported.  
Elegant in its simplicity, this lovely ring presents a radiant, 1½ ct. round diamond solitaire in a classic, yellow gold four-prong setting.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold Stone: 1½ ct. round diamond Color: I Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong Diamond solitaire weights may vary between .01 and .05 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Embellished back pockets give our bootcut jeans an eye-catching finish. elastic band provides comfort at the waist front mesh panels flatten the tummy area 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Accessorize your look with this see-through fishnet shrug. 24¼ length acrylic hand wash, line dry made in America
Bring out a little childhood nostalgia with this Hot Wheels logo tee. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
A laser cut floral pattern on the cross straps add a bold accent to these cute ankle strap wedges. synthetic upper 4” heel adjustable strap with buckle rubber sole
The heart shape of these icy blue genuine opals adds sweetness to this sterling silver ring.  Metal: Sterling silverStones: Genuine blue opalsGallery Height: 7mm   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This stately New Orleans table lamp brings a refined look to any setting.   unique sculptural base handsome bronze finish khaki bell shade trimmed with gold braid at top and bottom Resin base with polyester shade. Lamp is 16 diameter x 32¼H. 3-way switch. Uses one 150W bulb, max., not included. Assembly required. Due to Title 20 legislation, California customers will receive a lamp with an on/off switch and a free CFL bulb.
Adorable is the word of the day when she wears this sleeveless chambray top featuring sweet embroidery along with her coordinating jeggings. includes sleeveless chambray top and jeggings back button placket no-pinch elastic waistband top: 100% cotton jeggings: cotton/elastane washable imported
A sleek silhouette coupled with a supremely cushioned foam insole sets our durable Synergy Eilte Status sneakers apart from the rest.   technology Flex Elite lightweight midsole for shock absorption Memory Foam Elite cushioned insole construction leather/mesh upper rubber sole details 3/4 built-in heel lace up padded collar and tongue mesh lining
For a classic twist to your professional style, our sleeveless button-front blouse is just the pick. roundneck sleeveless approx. 28¼-29¼ length polyester washable imported 
With its beach-inspired embroidery and sweet seafoam blue details, this comforter set will put you in a relaxed state of mind. seashell and sand dollar embroidery background soft blue inner border 200-thread-count cotton 4-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full and Queen sets include standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton shams and bedskirt. Dry clean. Imported. Full: comforter is 80x90; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 54x75 Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 60x80 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 78x80 Cal. King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 72x84 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Head to the beach in our tee, featuring Dri-FIT moisture-wicking technology and flat seams to reduce chafing.  crewneck sleeveless polyester washable imported
Stripes of various colors create an overall look that works well with your favorite dress shirts.   3¼ wide silk dry clean imported
This classic style wine carafe is perfect for every home with the natural oak stopper and contemporary design. ideal for wine decanter or gift idea spacious 67-oz. capacity for serving larger groups mouth-blown glass carafe; oak wood stopper 7.75x7.75x11H dishwasher safe imported
Elevate your everyday style with this double-stitched Stacy Adams belt with double keeper.   brushed nickel buckle 1⅓ wide leather wipe clean imported
Our jacket dress from Danny & Nicole features a multicolored chevron that makes a stunning impression while the jacket further accentuates the colors. jacket: roundneck, 3/4 sleeves, hook and eye closure dress: scoopneck, sleeveless jacket: 19 length dress: 43½ length polyester/spandex washable imported
Sleek and sporty, our running capris from Xersion are essential to your workout wardrobe.   tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin reflective details for low-light visibility media pocket at back waist 19½” inseam polyester/spandex washable imported  
The Hickory Series offers rugged good looks while providing years of weather protection to your beloved outdoor built-in grill. durable, woven polyester with laminated polyvinyl chloride backing Weather10™ fabric ensures water-resistance large air vents reduce mildew-causing moisture and prevents wind lofting buckled straps with adjustable elastic hem cord for secure fit padded handles are comfortable to easily remove cover Weather Leather trim looks authentic and classic designed to fit large built-in barbecue grills up to 57(L)x29(D)x26H heavy-duty nonwoven polypropylene lining 6P-free and EU REACH compliant clean with soft brush and warm water imported Measure your furniture based on the illustrations.Select a cover that's slightly larger in length (L) and width (W), length (L) and depth (D) or diameter (DIA) than your furniture.The height of your cover has not been designed to completely cover legs or wheels.
Our ultra-comfortable training shoes from Nike are perfect for your light workouts and recovery days. technology full-length Phylon midsole provides superior lightweight flexibility Nike comfort footbed construction half-bootie synthetic upper provides lightweight support rubber sole details lace up memory foam sock liner gives you superior comfort under foot flex grooves in forefoot allow foot to move in natural motion strategically placed rubber pods bring excellent traction and durability
A little romance and glamour make our pleated maxi dress with lace bodice and sweeping chiffon skirt a fairy-tale option for your next event. ribbon belt 54¼ length from shoulder nylon/polyester/spandex lace polyester/spandex knit professional spot clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Our versatile short-sleeve tee features a delicate crochet trim, making it a top you can easily wear with almost any outfit. scoopneck crochet at sleeve and front bottom approx. 26½-27¾ length cotton/Modal® machine wash, dry flat imported
Bling it on when you wear our flirty wedge sandals featuring a glittery design on the straps.●    fabric/synthetic upper●    2½” heel●    fabric sole
Created exclusively for the Philips Airfryer (sold separately), this grill pan has a ridged surface to grill and sear meat, fish and vegetables. nonstick surface is ideal for delicate food and is easy to clean perfect for grilling and searing meat, fish and vegetables perforated surface creates ideal air flow while grilling Aluminum. Measures 6.7x7.1x3.3H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Featuring tiny bubble accents and assorted colors fading up from the stem, these handmade glasses are a chic way to enjoy your favorite martini.   mouth-blown glass construction each has an 11-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Casual goes chic with our stretchy, jersey knit leggings, featuring studded accents down the legs for true standout style. 2½ wide fold-over waistband 28½ inseam jersey knit cotton/elastane washable imported
Create a classic style in your kitchen with these window tiers that add a unique feel with their tab-top design and traditional gingham fabric. 100% cotton 2 coordinating tab tops checkered pattern Tiers are sold in pairs; stated measurement is combined width of both tiers. Coordinating window treatments sold separately.Cotton. Dry clean. Imported.
Add some pizzazz to your wardrobe with our printed top featuring a modern design and pretty neckline embellishments.  crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Quality-driven lizard boots from Dan Post® offer a great look and style that you can wear all day long.  Lizard Boots: genuine Teju lizard foot 13 leather shaft 5 layers of comfort ultimate flex three-part insole core offers flexibility and stability leather footbed cover reduces moisture and cradles the foot. microbial Poron® system reduces foot odor and step shock leather lining cowboy heel leather sole
Animal print and lace mix it up for a sultry effect on our full-figure T-shirt bra. full figure adjustable straps underwire polyamide/elastane machine wash, tumble dry or dry flat imported
Your speedster will be ready to win the Piston Cup when he suits up in this awesome Cars jumpsuit, featuring an easy self-adhesive front and bright colors. standup collar long sleeves with elastic opening self-adhesive closure elastic leg opening polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Comfort and function fuse seamlessly in this non-iron cotton pinpoint dress shirt. non-iron performance button-down collar chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Our tank top and vest set is full of super-cute girly details, featuring fringe and lace on the vest, a tie dye print on the tank top and a detachable necklace to complete the look. tank top: scoopneck fringe and lace details on vest includes necklace polyester vest: machine wash, dry flat; remove necklace before washing tank top: washable imported
Get a tee that fits your active lifestyle, like this moisture-wicking, cotton-rich crewneck with crosshatch swoosh design.   Dri-FIT Cotton moisture management technology helps keep you cool and dry crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
A cotton tee featuring Mickey and Minnie showing their affection over a printed heart with lace graphic detail. lace graphic print crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
A dazzling display of brilliance, this cluster ring with 54 diamonds is a knock out statement piece.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K yellow gold Stones: ½ ct. t.w. round and tapered baguette diamonds Setting: Prong and channel Gallery Height: 23.5 mm Dimensions: 17.75x13.5mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add a boost of sunny cheer to your patio with this playful outdoor pillow. summery stripe design polyester with polyester fill spot clean 17x17 imported
You'll love our comfortable and versatile short-sleeve stripe tee—perfect for all your warm-weather activities. u-notch short sleeves 27 length cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Attack your run in style with our compression capris, designed to enhance your performance by keeping you dry and comfortable  Quick-Dri moisture-wicking fabric 1 enhanced elastic waist with drawstring inside pocket no-chafe seams 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported 
Create a bright and open space with our shower curtain, featuring yellow and gray accent colors in an overscaled ikat design for a modern and colorful update to your bathroom.  polyester shower curtain liner recommended 72x72 washable imported
The dark side will be at bay while your little fan is wearing this Darth Vader watch featuring an easy-read, flashing LCD digital dial.   Dial Color: Black Strap: Red silicone Movement: Quartz Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 19mm wide Model No.: DAR3596JC   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The flowy hem of our sleeveless blouse creates the perfect feminine touch for your professional style. v-neck sleeveless approx. 32½ length polyester washable imported
From the office to the gym, these lightweight and super-soft boxer briefs will keep you cool, dry and comfortable with innovative X-TEMP technology designed to increase or decrease evaporation depending on your body temperature. package of 3 moisture wicking temperature control TAGLESS® super-soft combed cotton fabric 100% cotton washable imported
He will love learning to tell time on this kids watch, featuring Lightning McQueen on the dial, labeled hour and minute hands, numbered red bezel and fun checkered nylon strap.   Brand: Disney Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Black and white nylon Clasp: Fast strap Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50mm Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long, 16mm wide Model No.: W001679 Special Features: Easy read dial   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Jet set your way to an awesome look in our twill drawstring flight pants with zipper pockets and ribbed elastic cuffs. 2 front slant, 2 side flap and 2 back pockets 27½ inseam polyester washable imported
Shawl-neck sweater from the U.S. Polo Association provides a stylish extra layer when the chill sets in. crossover v-neck with contrast-colored interior long sleeves left chest logo embroidery acrylic washable imported
Chic zipper details and a spacious design make this tote the perfect casual bag for work, school and on the go. double top handles, 10 drop zipper teeth accents exterior pocket interior pocket 12x17x5D imported
With a short-sleeve top and pajama pants this fun set has a bright pineapple print and includes a matching doll-sized set so she can bring her favorite doll to bed with her for sweet dreams all through the night. Doll sold separately. includes pajama top and pants and matching pajama top and pants for 18 doll short sleeves elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Embellished with circle embroidery on the flat sheet and pillowcases, this sheet set has extra deep pockets that are sure to fit your bed perfectly.   soft cotton design coordinates with any decor  Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Full and Queen sets include standard pillowcases. King set includes king pillowcases. Cotton. Washable. Imported. Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20 Queen: flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 30x20 King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 40x20
Mix up batters, sauces and fun in the kitchen with the Cake Boss 2-pc. silicone spatula and spoonula set. They’re ideal for folding batters and meringues, for scraping melted chocolate out of pans, and for stirring sweet sauces.   solid, flexible silicone heads are sturdy enough for thick doughs designed with traditional beechwood handles loved by professional bakers for its resistance to heat, color and flavor absorption holes in the handles allow them to hang for convenient storage heat safe to 450°F includes 11½ spatula and 13 spoonula with a fun, colorful icing pattern across the heads Beechwood/silicone. Hand wash. Imported.  
Add color to your look with this long multicolor acrylic and seed bead necklace, perfectly paired with other pieces for a layered look or great alone.Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Multicolor acrylic and seed beadsClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 40 long bead chain  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Sophisticated and elegant, the Swept 40-piece dinnerware set embodies the look of fine china. It’s easy to be lured by the beauty and luxuriousness of the wide-rim design and sleek style break and chip resistant scratch and stain resistant lightweight durable oven safe microwave safe service for 8 Vitrelle glass plates and bowls; porcelain mugs dishwasher safe plates and bowls made in America; mugs imported service for 8 includes: eight 10.5 dinner plates eight 9 lunch plates eight 28-ounce soup bowls eight 18-ounce cereal bowls eight 14-ounce porcelain mugs
Simplify your kitchen lifestyle. This convenient knife organizer helps you reclaim countertop space with an in-drawer design that stores knives neatly while protecting each blade.   100% bamboo construction holds up to 11 knives great gift for any chef lightweight, easy-to-maintain design Bamboo. Measures 17x6.1x2.3H. Hand wash. Imported.
Add a touch of whimsy to your nursery with this soft, forest gnome crib sheet that perfectly combines fun and comfort. elastic around entire opening fits standard 52x28 crib mattress 100% cotton washable imported
Our shorts are made from an ultra-comfy linen/cotton blend and feature an elastic drawstring waist for added comfort. ●    elastic drawstring waist●    7½ inseam (rolled); 10½ inseam (unrolled)●    2 front side pockets and 2 back pockets●    linen/cotton●    machine wash, line dry●    imported  
With 360° viewing angles in landscape and portrait form, this faux-leather case will protect your iPad while giving you full access to all its functions.   close the cover to sleep wakes up when opened compatible with iPad 4 and 5 Polyvinyl. Measures 9¾x7½x¾H. Wipe clean with a dry cloth. Imported.   iPad is a registered trademark of Apple, Inc.
Create delicious, nutritious meals with this Oneida 10-piece cookware set, made of durable stainless steel and a copper base. non-reactive stainless steel vessels with brilliant mirror polish exterior 5ply base features copper core layered between aluminum and stainless steel disks includes capacity engravings on saucepans, sauté and stockpot for quick measurements while cooking tempered glass colander lids allow for easily straining water oven-safe up to 350°F stainless steel/tempered glass dishwasher safe imported 10-piece set includes: 1.5 qt. saucepan with cover 3 qt. saucepan with cover 3 qt. sauté pan with cover 8 frying pan 10 frying pan 6 qt. stockpot with cover
Don your 50s garden-party dress and retro cardigan. Our vintage jar drink dispenser is the perfect party accessory with a charming Mason jar curvature, cute handles, sweetly curved lid and springtime-green lid and tint. indoor/outdoor use comes with a fully functional spigot 248-oz.; 7x7x10.25H 100% glass hand wash only imported Drink dispenser stand sold separately.
Enjoy the superior comfort of plush padding without the worry of sagging thanks to this smartly designed mattress and its multiple layers of soft support. Custom Support® classic 520 innerspring system quilted topper features Cool Balance® fabric for temperature control Fireblocker® fiber layer adds fire resistance Pillo-Fill® layer helps maintain airflow 1 PillowSoft™ foam layer adds extra comfort insulator pad provides additional temperature regulation ½ Cool Twist™ gel memory foam layer keeps the mattress cool additional 1 PillowSoft layer creates even more plushness Cover is polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Includes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring option also available. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x74½x10½H; 288 coil count Twin XL: 38x79½x10½H; 312 coil count Full: 53x74½x10½H; 408 coil count Queen: 60x79½x10½H; 520 coil count King: 76x79½x10½H; 650 coil count Cal. King: 72x83½x10½H; 616 coil count
You'll love the easy styling and comfort provided by our Gratis In Motion athletic shoes from Skechers, featuring lace-up bungee cord styling and a textured rubber sole for traction.   construction faux-leather/mesh upper rubber sole details slip on lace-up bungee styling light and shock-absorbing flex design midsole padded collar and tongue
The metal link detailing on this men's gold-tone bracelet watch creates a dazzling and unique look you'll want to make your own.Brand: ArmitronDial Color: Silver-toneStrap: Metal linkClasp: Adjustable buckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 38.5mmCase Thickness: 6.18mmModel No.: 20/5123SVGPSpecial Features: Date functionJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add a little colorful whimsy to your every day with this gemstone pendant necklace crafted in sterling silver.Metal: Sterling silverStones: simulated blue topazOther Stones: Round lab-created white sapphiresClosure: Spring-ringLength: 18 long rope chainPendant Size: 7.8x16.8mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The innovative Dri-FIT fabric of this sporty tank keeps her cool and dry, while its slim-fit, racerback design gives her full range of motion. Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric polyester washable imported
Look cool in the sun with our semi-rimless sunglasses with blue gradient lenses.  UV protection metal/plastic frames
Featuring screen-printed graphics and all kinds of style, this versatile and comfortable short-sleeve tee will make him look cuter than ever. ribbed neckline 100% cotton washable imported
Go the distance in our zoned cushioned no-show socks, featuring compression for extra arch support and Quick Dri® Fabric to help wick moisture away from skin. mesh ventilation for breathability compression support package of 6 cotton/LYCRA®/nylon/polyester washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
The two-tone print and texture combination of our leather tote gives it a unique style, with sharp silver-tone details.  double handles, 10 drop drop-in top zipper 100% leather silver-tone metal rings and metal stud detail 2 large exterior slip pockets with magnetic closures, zipper pocket interior wall zipper pocket and 2 PDA pockets 10¾x10¼x4½ imported
It's no secret how good you'll look in these straight-leg pants from Liz.   flat front zip fly with hook-and-bar closure 2 front and 2 back pockets 28 inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported petite: 29½ inseam petite short: 28 inseam
When you like your sun protection with an adventurous side, this hat is for you.   mesh sides chin cord with spring toggle UPF 50+ protection coolmax sweatband nylon spot clean imported
Use your own creativity and embellishments to turn this picture frame into a beautiful piece for your home or office. The MDF is a blank canvas waiting to be transformed and customized to match any decor.   Kit includes: one frame (measures 25 ½ x 23 ½ x 1/2”) photo opening from 4 x 4” to 4 x 6” Some assembly required flourishes and embellishments not included imported
Make comfort a priority in our easy-going, destructed skinny jeans with a wide overbelly band for comfortable wear through all nine months of your pregnancy. mid rise skinny legs belly band 29 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
These classic-fit flat-front pants offer you the style, comfort and versatility you're looking for. zip fly with button closure straight leg hemmed approx. 29-34 inseam polyester/rayon dry clean only imported
Put a quartet of your favorite images on display with this lovely two-tone photo frame and its four unique openings. wood frame with white and gray finishes multiple sawtooth hangers for easy hanging holds 3½x5, 4x4, 5x5 and 5x3½ photos hangs vertically or horizontally   Wood/metal/paper. Measures 15.8x1x18.9H. Imported.
These cotton twill shorts do casual style right with a clean flat front and sharp straight fit. straight fit 2 front off-seam pockets 2 back welt pockets zip fly with button closure flat front 10 inseam cotton washable imported Note: Belt is not included.
Feel cool and confident in our wide-leg pants, featuring a front sash for that extra feminine touch. elastic waist front sash wide leg 30 inseam rayon washable imported
Coloring isn't just for children anymore; it has been proven to also be beneficial for adults! Generating wellness and quietness, as well as stimulating the brain areas related to the senses and creativity, you'll love our intricate 24-page adult coloring book. recommended for ages 10+ softcover design printed on one side of premium paper perforaed pages for easy removal 24 pages paper 8½x¼x11H    made in America
Bring the beach party with you wherever you go with our 100% cotton tee.  crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
The simple cut of our Liz Claiborne pencil skirt is a reliable look for work and play. elastic waistband approx. 21 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Give your room a beautiful update with our Euro sham, which features allover quilting for added dimension and a flange border to complete the look.   •    allover quilting and a flange border•    26x26•    sold individually•    100% cotton with cotton fill•    spot clean•    imported  
He’ll enjoy the same cool-weather protection as the big guys in this water-resistant jacket with warm fleece lining. water resistant zip front tag for name on interior neck long sleeves sleeve pocket slash handwarmer pockets interior media pocket polyester/cotton washable imported
A striped print blends into a floral print border to give this dress a one-of-a-kind look.   sleeveless satin band with bow at the waist polyester washable  imported
Slip into our Mixit flip flops and out the door you go - it's the ultimate no-muss, no-fuss favorite shoe. PVC upper PE outer sole 
Add a touch of flair to your wardrobe with our gorgeously detailed open-front cardigan. v-neck elbow sleeves 17½ length cotton/acrylic washable imported
Sparkling elegance. One eye-catching cultured freshwater pearl is showcased in the center, flanked by genuine black onyx beads for an elegant contrast.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Pearl Type: Cultured freshwater pearl Pearl Colors: White Pearl Size: 7½-8mm Other Stones: Genuine black onyx beads Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 7½ Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Casual-cool attitude propels our Claiborne short sleeved shirt to the top of your favorites list in a hurry with easy style for work and play.   regular fit spread collar short sleeves front patch pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Keep your little girl from freezing after a swim with this tunic-style Frozen cover-up featuring a cinched waistband and a woven patch with embroidered characters from the hit movie.   hood v-neck cotton/polyester washable imported  
Bring the carnival to your kitchen when you set up your own snow cone stand on your counter. Perfect for birthday parties or everyday occasions, all you need is ice cubes and flavoring for the stainless steel cutting blades to effortlessly shave enough ice for 4-5 cones every minute.   compact carnival-fun design heavy-duty pusher system with interlock for stability and safe operation includes 4 BPA-free reusuable cones and 12 paper cones fold-down side storage for cones Plastic/stainless steel. Measures 12½x11½x13⅞”. Wipe clean. Imported.
Our lightweight Nike Flex Supreme training shoes are perfect for the runner who wants a flexible shoe without compromising comfort. technology Phylon carrier for a stable and durable platform construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up internal half inner sleeve hugs foot soft, contoured foam core offers lightweight comfort under foot solid rubber pods placed on heel and forefoot for durability and multidirectional traction thin overlay provides the perfect amount of support
Seam details outline the updated style of this easy-care shirt from JF J. Ferrar.   easy care performance specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering modified spread collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked more sizes: regular, fitted, athletic, big, extra call cotton/poly broadcloth washable imported
Our sleeveless sharkbite dress in printed lace will make you look and feel pretty for any occasion. scoopneck sleeveless 36-42 from shoulder lined nylon/spandex hand wash, hang to dry imported  
This product will be available for all clients online on February 29 and in stores on March 14. What it is: A retractable, cruelty-free lip brush to line and define lips. What it does: Apply an array of lip looks with this easy-to-use lip brush. The two-in-one tool features a tapered, precision liner brush for crisp lip contouring before it retracts down to keep the brush clean and lips. The opposite side of the lip brush features a dense, flat design to pick up and shade in your favorite creamy lip colors and helps fill in the look of fine lines and prevents feathering.Suggested Usage: -Retract the lip liner brush open by placing fingers around the applicator and pulling upward. -Pick up your favorite lipstick directly using the soft bristles and trace color along your lip line to contour lips. -Flip the two-in-one tool over to shade in all-over lip color and help fill in fine lines. -Retract the brush down and replace the cap securely after each use to keep the brush clean. -Tip: the dense bristles are ideal for applying creamy lipstick formulas. Try it with tarte’s drench lip splash lipstick for the perfect satin-matte lip look.
Our Bisou Bisou sheath dress is that staple that you'll return to again and again for a great fit and confident style.   v-neck sleeveless approx. 43 length from shoulder lined polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Enjoy effortless style in this easy-care plaid shirt from Van Heusen, available in your choice of colors. no-iron fabric button-down collar button front long sleeves left chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported  
Metal: Rose-tone metalClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 16 long chainPendant Size: 1.25x2 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Go the distance in these women's Nike® Flex Run 2016 running shoes, made to be flexible and lightweight with plenty of cushion for the long journey. technology internal footbed bootie gives a secure fit breathable lightweight midfoot support phylon core midsole for cushioning Articulated Phylite carrier midsole provides durable, flexible lightweight cushioning construction mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole details • lightweight and breathable
Compact in design yet generous in comfort, this diamond-tufted ottoman provides stylish appeal and extra seating that complements any room’s decor.   sturdy wood frame finger-joint joinery webbed spring system velvety top cushion filled with polyester fiberfill espresso-finished wood feet Upholstery is 83% polyester/17% nylon. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 32Wx20Dx19H. Assembly required. Imported.
Our Alfred Dunner layered top gives you a complete look with a shell, a vibrant printed shirt and a necklace for all-in-one convenience.    crewneck with necklace 3/4 sleeves 100% polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
What it is:A patented, safe, hygienic device that delivers a spa-inspired exfoliation experience while gently removing facial hair for skin that’s smooth, luminous, and youthful-looking. What it does: Made specifically for women, DERMAFLASH comfortably and discreetly sweeps away skin imperfections, dullness, and peach fuzz with a subtle sonic vibration. In just three simple steps, it gently removes dead cells, debris, and fine hairs from the forehead, cheeks, jawline, lip, and chin. It’s safe for all skin types, skin color, and agesand lets you unveil smoother, more vibrant, and younger-looking skin in the comfort of your own home. This set contains:- DERMAFLASH - 0.8 oz Prep - 0.8 oz Edge - 0.8 oz Soothe What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Phthalates What else you need to know:DERMAFLASH prepares the skin perfectly for skincare and creates the ideal canvas for flawless makeup application. Suggested Usage:-Use DERMAFLASH one time per week.-Emulsify Prep with warm water and gently massage onto face. Rinse well with water and pat dry.-Apply Edge by using short feather strokes in a downward motion. -Massage a small amount of Soothe onto face and neck. Precautions:-DERMAFLASH is designed for use on specific areas on the face and chin. It is not intended for use on other areas of the body.-Avoid using on surfaces where cuts, abrasions, or any kind of healing is present.-Do not use on active acne, psoriasis, rosacea, skin with rash, sunburned, or distressed skin. -Always avoid using on moles, cancerous areas, or lesions.-Do not use on skin which has recently been treated with a laser or recently chemically treated. Ingredients:Prep:Water, Disodium Laureth Sulfosuccinate, Cocamidopropyl Hydroxysultaine, Sodium Lauryl Sulfoacetate, Acrylates Copolymer, Polysorbate 20, Butylene Glycol, Hydrolyzed Rice (Peptide) Protein,Papain ,Urea ,Algae Extract, Saccharomyces Cerevisiae Extract, Lactic Acid (L), Algin, Dicaprylyl Ether ,O-cymen-5 OL, Tetrasodium EDTA, Glucosamine HCl, 1,2- Hexanediol ,Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Hydroxide, Carbomer. Soothe:Water, Glycerin, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Cetearyl Olivate, Cyclopentasiloxane, Petrolatum, Dimethicone, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Sorbitan Olivate, Squalane, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice Powder*, Glycerin*, Honey (Mel), Globularia Cordifolia Callus Culture Extract, Lonicera Caprifolium (Honeysuckle) Flower Extract, Phospholipids, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Lonicera Japonica (Honeysuckle) Flower Extract, Acetyl Tetrapeptide-2, Tripeptide-1, Teprenone, Guanidine HCI, Crocus Chrysanthus Bulb Extract, Xanthan Gum, Sphingolipids, Hyaluronic Acid, Caprylyl Glycol, Tocopherol (D-alpha), Urea, Glucose (D), Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Hydroxide, Phytic Acid, Acacia Senegal Gum, Carbomer, Dextran.
Our bow tie features a dot print and comes pre-tied for a bold and effortless formal look.  pre-tied bow tie polyester spot clean imported
This sleek, black 11 griddle not only looks great, it cooks great, too, providing an ample nonstick surface to keep even the stickiest messes at bay.   black porcelain enamel exterior hard-anodized aluminum for even heating two layers of nonstick coating for extended performance comfortable, double-riveted silicone handle stays cool on the stovetop nonstick interior for easy release and cleanup oven safe to 400°F Aluminum. Hand wash. Imported.
The perfect blend of chic and casual, our short-sleeve tee features lace piecing for a look you'll love. v-neck short dolman sleeves approx. 30-31¼ length lace piecing rayon/polyester washable imported
Tungsten ring combines yellow ceramic with dimensional gray tungsten and a bezel-set diamond accent. This ruggedly handsome two-tone ring complements both gold and silver. A great choice for a contemporary mens wedding ring or a fashion accessory, this striking ring is extremely hard and scratch-resistant.   Metal: Ceramic/tungsten carbide Stones: Diamond accent Setting: Bezel Dimensions: 8mm Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
true Featuring a sleek profile, this side-by-side refrigerator’s fresh food multi-level drawers provide the ideal environment for storing your fruits and vegetables while its glass freezer shelves let you enjoy a high-end appearance with secure storage for a variety of items. ENERGY STAR® qualified Arctica icemaker holds up to 10 pounds of ice, so there's enough for all occasions Quick Ice setting creates ice up to 50% faster than normal settings advanced water filtration system uses a RPWFE replacement filter that removes trace pharmaceuticals from water and ice adjustable, slide-out, spill-proof glass shelves feature raised edges that help contain spills and make clean up quick and easy adjustable clear-look door bins offer ideal space for large containers in the door and free up valuable shelf space multi-level freezer baskets provide plenty of access to frozen foods 25.4 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage room angled LED lighting in fresh food and freezer sections illuminates every inch of the fresh food and freezer compartments 69 1/4 x 35 3/4 x 33 5/8
Our floral jacket with solid dress gives you two delightful wardrobe pieces that add versatility to your wardrobe and pair perfectly into one stunning outfit.   roundneck sleeveless dress with invisible zipper jacket: approx. 18½ length dress: approx. 39 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Our v-neck tee is a true wardrobe necessity that will get along famously with your denim for a low-maintenance look. 100% cotton fits closer to the body 3/4 length sleeves washable imported 
Perfect on its own or layered with his favorite tee, this poplin shirt energizes casual looks with comfort and style. point collar button-front placket long sleeves chest pocket poplin fabric 100% cotton washable imported
A domed lid adds elegance to this musical jewelry box adorned with Sofia and her pet, Clover. rectangular mirror under lid plays Sofia's Theme 6½x4½x6H MDF imported jewelry not included
true With the perfect combination of form and function, this side-by-side refrigerator from LG has plenty of room for your storage needs and fits comfortably into almost any kitchen. Door-in-Door™ design gives you instant access to your more popular food and drinks. Slide-out and folding shelving, tilting and adjustable door bins, and multiple crisper drawers help keep food organized. ENERGY STAR® qualified vertical ice and water door dispenser IcePlus™ accelerated freezing function produces up to 4.1 lbs. of ice a day digital temperature controls for easy and accurate adjustments premium water filtration system: LT800P Smart Cooling system maintains optimal interior conditions. The Linear Compressor quickly reacts to temperatures fluctuations while strategically placed vents surround all your food with cool air. 2 Spill Protector™ tempered glass split shelves for improved cleaning and safety 2 humidity crispers to keep fruits and vegetables fresher longer 5 door bins (3 full, 1 flip-up & dairy) and 2 bottle guides 9.2 cu. ft. freezer capacity Door-in-Door™ technology magnetically seals a section of the door, giving you access to the food and drink in the door bin without opening the entire refrigerator 26 cu. ft. total capacity LoDecibel™ quiet operation premium LED interior lighting alarm alerts you when the door is open too long side-by-side refrigerator with ice and water dispenser
The Union DPD-669B 700 Series Double Chain Single Bass Drum Pedal features heavy-cast frames, a smooth-action double chain drive, multiple adjustments, spring tensioning, offset hoop clamps, double-sided beaters, and stability plates. metal alloy  heavy-cast frames double chain double bass drum ped smooth-action double chain drive includes bag 12x5x3H imported
The balloon shape of these glasses are perfect for red wine. The color in the glass will not fade or peel. glass dishwasher safe set of four 28-oz. red wine glasses imported
Flirty, floral-printed fabrics are carefully sewn to an off-white background on the face of this frayed-edge quilt, giving it a shabby chic look that's both eye-catching and casual. romantic ruffles striped pattern 2-piece Twin set includes: quilt sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: quilt 2 shams Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Cotton quilt with cotton fill; cotton sham. Washable. Imported. Twin: quilt is 68x88; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: quilt is 90x90; shams are 26x20 King: quilt is 105x95; shams are 36x20
Your style will bloom with these sparkling 1 ct. t.w. white and color-enhanced red diamond cluster sterling silver flower-shaped earrings.  Metal: White and pink sterling silverStones: 1 ct. t.w. round white and color-enhanced red diamondsWhite Diamond Clarity: I2-I3Back: PostDimensions: 9.45x9.45mm  Some diamonds may be treated and require special care
Casual and comfortable, these Jockey tie scrub pants feature a hint of stretch for comfort and plenty of pockets for storage.   mid-waist fit drawstring waistband with back elastic side pockets cargo cell phone pocket with zip slightly flared legs inseam - 31 1/2 regular inseam - 29 1/2 petite 19 leg opening hem vents polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Set him up with a set of stylish and cozy bodysuits with this 5-pack, which includes 5 darling sports-themed bodysuits that are comfortable, versatile and easily paired with all sorts of bottoms. expandable shoulders long sleeves nickel-free snaps on reinforced panels screen-printed and embroidered detail 100% cotton washable imported
true Cook and bake with plenty of space using the latest GE oven that offers large capacity. Keep the sleek appearance looking clean and current with steam clean option that lets you easily wipe surfaces clean. 5.0 ct. ft. oven capacity to cook more dishes at once glass touch controls allow you to set temperatures quickly and clean with little effort hidden bake element distributes heat evenly throughout achieve delicious results from a third heating element and fan combination even baking is assured with ten-pass heat that covers more surface area get full broil coverage with eight-pass broil element for more even browning from edge to edge see how your food is baking with Halogen oven lighting and big view window audible preheat signal self-clean, with steam clean option in both ovens conveniently clean your oven and racks together certified Sabbath mode, prepare food by kosher standards
true Quicker? Quieter? Easier than ever? That’s dinner, thanks to LG’s 2.0 cu. ft. Over-The-Range microwave. Sensor Cooking’s humidity-sensing technology helps prevent over- and under-cooking, so you can cook with confidence. Sautéing on the cooktop? QuietPower™ Ventilation overhead helps remove steam and cooking aromas quickly and quietly, so the conversation doesn’t have to stop. And thanks to LG’s EasyClean® interior, you don’t have to sweat spills or splatters. Simply wipe with a damp cloth, and your microwave is clean in minutes. 2.0 cu. ft. oven capacity is perfect for heating a variety of dishes with ease 1000 watts deliver thorough cooking results 10 power levels for powerful cooking flexibility carbon-coated charcoal filtration venting system QuietPower Ventilation 400 CFM exhaust fan with 3 power levels (Turbo, High, Low) for quietly and efficiently removing odor and smoke control SmoothTouch™ LED glass controls for a sleek look that's easy to use EasyClean® interior lets you enjoy fast, high-performance cleaning inside and out without using chemicals 14.2 turntable bi-level cooking rack for added flexibility auto, time and rapid defrost provide added flexibility for thawing foods from the fridge or freezer melt-and-soften feature uses a low-wattage setting to melt or soften butter, cream cheese or chocolate without boiling or scorching Sensor Cooking technology determines when food is cooked and automatically turns off the appliance to prevent over- or under-cooking child lock setting enables you to deactivate the keypad, preventing the oven from being accidentally started incandescent cooktop lighting and nightlight option provide illumination above the range for added convenience 29x16x15
With the combination of the newest footwear technologies and durable construction, this sneaker is made for walking long distances. technology Dynamic Landing System absorbs shock impact COOLMAX® insole wicks moisture Memory Foam insole construction leather upper with synthetic overlays EVA midsole for cushioning rubber outsole provides traction details lace-up design to secure fit logo imprint on sides
Mix our ruffle-hem skirted swim bottoms with just about any swim top for an instantly beach-ready look. partially lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Great for any active day, these pants fit tight against the leg to give her maximum performance. side-stripes polyester/spandex washable imported
Get ready to move in these French terry shorts. elastic waist with drawstring mid rise patch pocket straight leg 7½ inseam 100% cotton; gray is cotton/polyester washable imported
Walk with confidence in our knee-high riding boots that add sleek style to your casual look. synthetic upper 16 shaft height 14 shaft circumference textile lining buckle straps side zipper rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size. CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Collect and display your favorite corks with this unique CorkHaus from Metrokane™. Whether standing or hanging on a wall, it’s a memorable display piece for your home.   sturdy bamboo and stainless steel construction displays corks in neat, vertical rows can be used as standing sculpture or wall display great gift for any wine enthusiast Bamboo/metal. Wipe clean. Imported.
With our short-sleeve paisley dress, you can look sophisticated and relaxed at the same time. Give credit to the supple fabric and low-waist buckle. scoopneck short sleeves 46¼ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Designed with style and comfort as a priority, our Orive athletic shoes from Nike provide superior flexibility and durability for prolonged performance. technology textured Comfortite sockliner Phylon midsole with rubber outsole pods for enhanced flexibility and durability construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details midfoot support saddle with integrated lace system low profile lightweight running silhouette natural motion design for superior flexibility strobel lasted design for a better cushioned feel synthetic welded toe wrap for durability
The easy carry handles on this baking dish give you more to grip making this loaf pan easier to pick up and transport. The easy snap lid allows access to the handles while the lid is attached.   glass is pre-heated oven, microwave and freezer safe non-porous glass won't absorb food odors, flavors or stains contemporary design goes from oven to table in style clear glass lets you keep an eye on your food as it cooks soft contours for easy cleaning Glass/plastic. Measures 11.5x6.13x3.5. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.  
No matter what his active day holds, he’ll handle it in style with these relaxed-fit chino pants.   adjustable waist cotton washable imported
Made in Turkey with the finest chenille base and durable pile, this runner features transitional geometric design in soft textures.●    tonal ivory shades for easy decor matching●    multiple patterns with hi-low effects●    machine constructed for long-lasting use●    durable viscose fibers●    26x90●    0.25 pile height; 0.45 overall thickness●    crafted in TurkeyStain Resistant: NoFade Resistant: NoSlip Resistant: NoRug Backing: CottonFire Retardant: NoRug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces.Use: IndoorCare Instructions: Professionally cleanOrigin: Imported  
Get board short styling with a liner for extra support in these colorful, brushed microfiber trunks from Speedo. Block the Burn® UPF 50+ sun protection VaporPLUS™ quick-drying fabric relaxed fit side-seam pockets interior key pocket back pocket mesh liner 10 inseam machine wash, hang dry imported  
Featuring an innovative lightweight fit and a moisture-wicking technology, our adidas no-show socks keep you cool, dry and style-right when your energy level heats up. package of 6 pairs climalite® yarns wick moisture polyester/spandex/natural latex rubber   washable       imported      
Featuring active comfort stretch, these jeans move with you while commanding modern style. active comfort stretch slim fit mid rise tapered leg zip front with button closure hemmed 5-pocket style 14½” leg opening cotton/spandex washable imported
Side slits give a sleek update to the elongating silhouette of our maxi skirt. Wear it with a relaxed top for an ultra-cool style. wide elastic waistband 38 length rayon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Designed to protect your clothes while cooking, this apron is pretty enough to keep on during your springtime garden party. pockets measures 26x28½ 100% cotton washable imported
Our strappy hipster swim bottoms are flirty perfection for those long days at the beach. fully lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our golf jacket keeps you dry on the course so you can focus on your game. 2 front pockets adjustable button closure cuffs water-repellant polyester polyester lining washable imported
Seamed detailing culminates in our one-button, tuxedo-style suit jacket's dazzling design and flattering fit.   notch lapel long sleeves back peplum with two slits polyester/rayon/spandex polyester lining washable imported
A round center diamond is the focal point while sparkling smaller diamonds serve as supporting sparkle effect on this beautiful engagement ring. This 1/2 ct. t.w. diamond ring is designed to impress, and inside lies a lab-created blue sapphire to serve as her something blue.   Metal: Platinaire® (a blend of sterling silver and 5% platinum) Stones: 1/2 ct. t.w. round and baguette diamonds Other Stones: Lab-created blue sapphire accent  Color: I-J  Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong, channel, bezel Gallery Height: 6.7mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These relaxed-fit jeans provide cotton comfort and easy-match capability for a variety of everyday looks. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 100% cotton washable imported
Knock around in cool comfort and style in our Arizona denim shorts. 4½-5½ inseam 2 front pockets, 2 back pockets and 1 coin pocket button with zipper fly cotton/spandex washable imported
Our comfortable compression capris are a great option for working out or lounging around.  Quick-Dri moisture-wicking fabric 1 enhanced elastic waist with drawstring inside key pocket no-chafe seams 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Add a touch of sophistication to your tabletop and serve your mealtime beverage in this lovely pitcher. The antique-white unique design coordinates with formal and casual stemware and flatware for a timeless tabletop. chip resistant 62-ounce capacity porcelain 8.23x8.5x10H microwave safe dishwasher safe imported
If compliments are your thing, then our sheer pleated blouse will be too. built-in cami approx. 24 - 25½ length polyester washable imported
Get her ready for a big party or just a cute day around the home with our sleeveless dress, with a matching diaper cover.  includes dress and diaper cover tank bodice bow detail at shoulder bodice: polyester/rayon/spandex skirt: polyester lining: cotton diaper cover: cotton washable imported
This gray herringbone jacket is a business essential, remade in an ultra-comfortable stretch fabric for the modern man who’s going places. super slim fit notch lapel 2-button front chest pocket 2 lower exterior flap pockets 2 interior pockets, plus pencil pocket side vents 69% polyester/29% rayon/2% spandex dry clean only imported
Give your kids the chance to be the envy of the block with this battery-operated three-wheel chopper motorcycle. moves in two directions—forward and reverse recommended for ages 3-5 requires 6V, 7AH battery (included) includes charger 1.5-mph top speed 38x31x17 assembly required; screwdriver needed polyresin composite plastic imported
Lightweight yet durable, this stand converts your steam press into a freestanding unit so you can save space and conveniently place it anywhere in your home.   designed for use with the following Steamfast fabric steam press model numbers: SP-660, SF-661 and SF-680 sturdy powder-coated steel construction folding feature allows for easy storage storage rack offers a convenient space for pressed garments hook-and-loop strap holds steam press securely in place slip-resistant plastic foot caps protect floors from scratches Steel/plastic. Measures 17.3x13.2x23.8H. Imported.
With the layered look of our Alfred Dunner top you get a cami shell with a coordinating cardigan for a great all-in-one look. crewneck short sleeves acrylic/nylon inner: polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Just because your child is ready for a larger car seat doesn't mean you have to give up all the safety features you've grown to expect. The Performance Sport Harness Booster Seat gives your child the same protection within a more appropriate silhouette.   side-impact protection HERO harness safety system resists harness twisting while ensuring proper chest clip positioning mesh side vents easy-adjust no re-thread harness energy-absorbing EPS foam cup holder quick-flip recline system 5-point harness system polyester; polyurethane foam filling hand wash, line dry 14x18x24.5-33 for use by children 20-120 lbs. (20-65 lbs. in harness mode; 30-120 lbs. in booster mode) National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) certified fully assembled made in America
Tungsten carbide ring classically created and detailed is a sophisticated choice for the man who knows what he wants. Comfort fit.   Metal: Tungsten Carbide Width: 6mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Take it easy in these exceptionally soft, athletically inspired pajama pants from Stafford.   classic fit elastic waist with drawstring open bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
Keep your laundry organized with this stylish pop-open hamper from Honey-Can-Do™.   blue squares pattern springs open instantly long carrying handles spiral steel frame stain-resistant material zipper closure at top Polyester/cotton with steel frame. Measures 14.5x14.5x18″H. Imported.
A blend of sophisticated classic ivory and warm distressed outlines on this metal artwork gives texture to any space. timeless metal medallion design 30.2x30x2x2W solid iron construction imported
These easy-match chino shorts are sure to become an everyday favorite, featuring comfy cotton construction and a straight-leg fit.. straight leg fit flat front button closure 2 side front pockets; 2 buttoned back pockets twill fabric 100% cotton washable imported
The dark oak finish and sleek design of this wood bed makes it a stylish, modern centerpiece for any bedroom.   solid rubberwood and poplar construction with a white oak veneer dark oak finish platform bed designed for use with mattress; no foundation required Wood. Wipe clean with damp cloth. Imported. Queen: 41½x84½x38H King: 41½x87½x38H
Wear Levi's® Red Tab™ 550™ relaxed-fit jeans and your whole day seems more comfortable.   matching big & tall web id: 5834012 more room means more comfort sits at waist relaxed fit through seat and thigh slightly tapered leg 16½ leg opening  zip fly cotton washable imported more sizes: regular, extra tall, big
Sunshiny days are meant for breezy skater dresses, like this twirl-worthy favorite from Total Girl. crewneck sleeveless polyester/spandex washable imported
When it comes to your windows, sheers provide an ideal finishing touch and a light layer of texture. Airy rod-pocket sheer panel by Martha Stewart plays a beautifully subdued role diffusing both sunlight and the views from outside.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart easy care for everyday living 3 rod pocket accommodates a variety of rod sizes ½ side hem; 3 bottom hem available in an array of light and airy colors MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at jcpenney Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Slim in fit and athletic in style, these pull-on fleece shorts let you take it easy without looking like you just stepped out of a gym. slim fit elastic waist with drawstring back button-through welt pocket side-seam pockets 10 inseam grey marled: cotton/polyester light blue: cotton/elastane washable imported
Weather the season in the comfort of our leather anorak jacket that features a detachable hood and drawcord waist for a more fitted look.   leather professionally leather care only imported  
Pair our cotton tee with shorts or jeans for a classic casual look. crewneck short sleeves front print 100% cotton washable imported
Our top features crochet details along the yoke and ruching at the bottom hem for a feminine look. crewneck sleeveless crochet details keyhole at center back 31½ length rayon/spandex washable imported
Our St. John's Bay peasant shirt has a touch of classic charm with an ample dose of modern style. roundneck with half placket 3/4 sleeves approx. 27 length lined polyester washable imported
Our comfy cotton poplin shirt features a button front and regular fit for a classic work look. button front long sleeves regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
Feel and look lovely wearing our underwire bra, embellished with lace details and underwire support. demi cup adjustable straps underwire unlined polyamide/elastane machine wash, dry flat/line dry imported
Put a fresh twist on your fun-in-the-sun style with our tankini swim top, featuring convenient, detachable straps. detachable straps removable cups tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Perfect for his casual days, this classic tee features a printed slogan and the iconic swoosh in the left sleeve. crewneck short sleeves washable imported
This colorblock athletic t-shirt from The Foundry Supply Co. features quick-dry technology. crewneck short sleeves polyester/cotton washable imported
This packable jacket goes with you for when the temperatures drop. The zip pockets keep your keys and phone secure. regular fit hooded long sleeves full zip side zip pockets polyester washable imported
Bring a little texture to your wardrobe with the sharp casual styling of this Island Shores shirt.   point collar front pocket rayon/polyester washable imported
Our special occasion dress will pull all eyes to you with its lovely all-over lace appeal. sweetheart neckline zipper in back approx. 25 length from shoulder lined nylon hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place. 
Marrying amazing sparkle with sleek, sterling silver, this duo brings out the best in each other. A round cubic zirconia is the focal point of this bridal ring set, for a beautiful symbol of an everlasting love.Metal: Sterling silverStones: Cubic zirconiaSetting: Prong and channelGallery Height: ⅜ highJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A simple declaration of beauty—this seven-diamond flower enhances any outfit.Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: ⅓ ct. t.w. round diamondsSetting: ProngClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long box chainPendant Size: 5.9x6.4mm longDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Trendy, moody florals make a big impact on these super-comfortable lace-up shoes from Vans. canvas/cotton upper lace up vulcanized rubber sole double stitched for durability padded tongue and collar
You'll love the frilly and fun style of this ladderback flounce swim top. racerback removable soft cups partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Comfortable, stylish and easily matched with all kinds of outfits, our short-sleeve screen-printed tee is perfect for your wardrobe. roundneck 26 length 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
This 2-piece set, which features a polo shirt and a pair of corresponding shorts, is sure to become your little one's new favorite outfit. short sleeves front button placket no-pinch elastic waistband polo: cotton/polyester shorts: 100% cotton washable imported
A comfortable seating solution for people of all ages, this beanbag is a great addition to any entertainment space or family room. double-stitched design child-safe zipper 350-pound weight capacity available in small (84), medium (105), large (128) and extra-large (140) cotton cover beanbags filled with polystyrene beads made in America
Dance the night away in our beautiful sleeveless two-tone tulip-skirt party dress. 33 length from shoulder polyester back zipper and button lined polyester dry clean only imported
Featuring a salt-and-pepper tweed look with a rich, ebony black finish, this swiveling barstool offers a bold, European-inspired style. hardwood, plywood frame polyester upholstery high-density foam seat silver nail head and footrest birch legs 250-lb. weight capacity spot clean only 21x23.75x41H; 26 seat height assembly required; tools included imported
Our mid-shaft slouch boots with a folded shaft offer a comfortable approach to your chicest look yet. faux suede upper 12½ shaft height 16 shaft circumference round toe fabric lining slightly padded footbed textured rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
Our muscle tee will give you the look you want, whether you are working out or supporting your favorite athletes.  crewneck sleeveless polyester washable imported
Featuring beautiful acacia wood that gives this charming three-drawer chest a unique industrial style that blends well with room decor. built with acacia wood and iron finger joint construction lovely natural stained finish 3 spacious wooden-glide drawers 25.98x15.35x29.13H assembly required; alien key needed wipe clean imported
The steel telescoping 1 curtain rod is capped with ornate decorative finials. 1 diameter rod with decorative finials telescoping rod will adjust to fit steel rod and brackets; resin finials rod length excludes finials; finial measurement: 3½x2¼x2¼H; allow 2.5 clearance for rod includes rod, finials, mounting brackets and hardware imported
Put a twist on your cup of caffeine with this set of maxi mugs. The classic design features an eye-catching postage stamp motif that’s sure to bring a special touch to each cup you pour.   open rim allows the taste and aroma to linger great for mixing with other Konitz drinkware each mug has 13-ounce capacity set of 2 Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Make a social statement with this black and silver-tone leather watch that looks über classy with its coin edge style. Brand: Claiborne® Dial Color: Black Strap: Leather Clasp: Strap buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 47mm Case Thickness: 14mm Bracelet Dimensions: 205 +/- 5mm long, 20-22mm wide Model No.: CLM1142 Special Features: Multifunction dial; coin edge bezel; durable ionic plating Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Soft shorts from The Foundry Supply Co.™ offer versatile styling that allows for easy wear in and out of the water. elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets side flap pockets polyester washable imported
The crushed fabric on this solid color room-darkening curtain panel offers a textured look and feel, making it both fashionable and functional. room darkening helps keep your home cooler in the summer and warmer in the winter blocks light and noise for better sleep 1½ grommet opening Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Conveniently carry a heaping helping of your favorite beverage in this oversized stainless steel flask. 64-oz. capacity stainless steel hand wash only imported
Block out the elements with a Western-style swagger in this quilted puffer vest from Arizona. standup collar snap front contrasting Western yoke handwarmer pockets polyester washable imported
Utterly relaxed and laid-back, our mixed media top—with a textured hatchi knit front and woven back—will fit all your weekend plans. Shown with cami (not included). sharkbite hem hatchi knit: cotton/rayon/spandex woven: rayon washable imported
For easy pair-ups with your favorite jeans or polished pencil skirts, our turtleneck sweater defines effortless cool. rib knit neck, cuffs and hem approx. 27⅛ - 29 length from shoulder cotton/rayon/nylon washable imported
Showcase your classic style at your next pool party or beachside getaway with our 1-piece knit swimsuit, designed with flattering front shirring and subtle shaping details.   molded soft cups powernet tummy control panel chlorine resistant partially lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Update your warm-weather style with our romper, which features a lace top, an adjustable belt and printed shorts to complete the look. v-neck sleeveless back zipper with hook-and-eye closure lined bodice printed shorts includes belt 32 length; 3½ inseam body: polyester lace: cotton/nylon washable; remove belt before washing imported
Lined window coverings coordinate with the Crystal Violet bedding collection.   solid purple satin draperies are sold as a pair and include tiebacks 72Wx15L rod pocket pieced valance is sold individually From the Seventeen® Magazine bedding collection. Drapery dimensions reflect total width of the pair. Shirr on up to a 2½ rod. Polyester. Dry clean. Imported.
Our sleeveless chiffon babydoll dress showcases a lovely soft silhouette and a sparkly necklace that is detachable.  scoopneck sleeveless zipper and button closure 33½ length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Enjoy your favorite brew on the go or at home with this set of oversized mugs featuring a collage of coffee-inspired text.   durable porcelain construction go mug features a removable top and temperature sleeve stay mug features an easy-grip handle microwave safe 2-piece set includes: 19-ounce go mug 18-ounce stay mug Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Not too slim, and not too loose, Dockers® Signature straight-fit pants are a great way to update a traditional look for work or play.   flat front Individual Fit® Waistband adds an invisible extra inch  ColorBond® Technology reduces fading  Spot Lifter™ specially finished to release stains and maintain a clean look  treated to eliminate the need for ironing  sits slightly below waist and is straight through hips & thighs with straight legs soft, microsanded cotton double-welt, button-through back pockets. washable imported
Made of cotton with plenty of pockets to carry his possessions, these cargo shorts combine comfort and functionality for his active lifestyle. relaxed fit flat front button closure 6-pocket styling 100% cotton washable imported
Featuring raglan-style sleeves, screen-printed graphics and an embroidered patch, this Nemo bodysuit will suit his style to a tee.●    crewneck●    top and bottom snap buttons●    100% cotton●    washable●    imported  
Finish your bedroom with finesse. The soft wave design of our Cotton Classics ruffle pillow sham will complete your bedroom with a look of both cool and classic comfort. ruffle design on front 140 thread-count cotton percale ½ binding Cotton with cotton fill. Washable. Imported. Standard: 26x20 King: 36x20
Featuring a tight top, this mattress set delivers superior all-over support, along with the comfort you need for relaxing sleep. classic coil innerspring system cover is polyester/polypropylene quilt: FlameGuard™ fiber; ½ Hypersoft™ foam; 1½ x ½ conversion Hypersoft™ foam comfort layers: 3 SealyFoam™; ½ SealyFoam™; ½ gel memory foam center SolidEdge™ HD system Stable Support™ foundation twin: 38x74½x12H; 378 coil count  twin XL: 38x79½x12H; 406 coil count  full: 53x74½x12H; 513 coil count  queen/split queen: 60x79½x12H; 638 coil count  king: 76x79½x12H; 812 coil count  cal. king: 72x83½x12H; 806 coil count  made in America Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring. Box spring measures 9H; mattress set measures 21H when stacked. Split queen mattress set features a 2-piece side-by-side foundation for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer.
This beautiful, genuine marcasite, crystal ring is the perfect way to add dimension to your picture-ready look.   Metal: Pure silver-plated brass Stones: Genuine marcasite Other Stones: Crystals Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This luxurious ottoman features a piping trim on the base and a round button-tufted lid that lifts off to reveal a large storage area for living room accessories. solid wood frame cushion filled with upholstery foam wood legs with a medium brown finish 200-pound weight capacity Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 19Wx19Dx18H. Assembly required. Imported.
Featuring a subtle, Italian-inspired pattern with a satin-like finish, this tablecloth dresses your table in elegance.   easy-care polyester fabric high-quality damask weave coordinating placemats and napkins sold separately Polyester. Washable. Imported.
true With the power of steam, even your toughest grime can't stand up to LG's ultra-large front-load washer and LG's patented ColdWash™ technology cleans clothing using enhance washing motions to give you cold water savings with warm water performance. Stay connected with LG's NFC Tag-on technology and use your smartphone device to customize programs and temperatures for an easier clean. ENERGY STAR® qualified 4.3 cu. ft. ultra-large capacity NeveRust™ Stainless Steel Drum Upfront Electronic Control Panel with Dual LED Display and Dial-A-Cycle™ Steam technology gently freshens, cleans and disinfects, eliminating wrinkles, dirt and odors ColdWash™ technology uses cold water and enhanced washing motions to penetrate deep into fabrics, giving you cold water savings with warm water performance 9 wash programs, including: Cotton/Normal, Bulky/Large, Perm. Press, Delicates, Speed Wash, Sanitary, Allergiene™, Tub Clean, Download/Small Load water level automatically adjusts to the size of the load spin speeds up to 1,300 RPM maximum stackable design provides an all-in-one vertical look to maximize floor space SmartDiagnosis™ feature helps the service center diagnose problems over the phone or smartphone app TrueBalance™ anti-vibration system is designed to minimize washer noise and vibration for smooth, quiet performance NFC Tag-on technology allows you to quickly and easily change and customize cycles with a simple smartphone app Lo Decibel™ Quiet Operation minimizes dryer noise to help keep your environment peaceful Revolutionary 6Motion™ Technology uses 6 different wash motions fill hoses are required for installation (sold separately) shop matching electric dryer or gas dryer
Mysterious as the depths they come from, black Tahitian pearls craft an 18 strand of luminescent beauty.   Metal: 14K white gold claspStones: Diamond accent on claspPearl Type: Genuine Tahitian pearlsPearl Color: BlackPearl Size: 10-13mmClosure: Ball claspLength: 18   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.    
Count on  the mesh shoulder panels on our moisture-wicking golf polo shirt to increase breathability and help free up your swing. polyester washable imported
The secret’s out. This coil ring wraps your finger in unbelievable sparkle from three diamond-covered rows that curl slightly outward at the ends.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K white gold Stones: ⅓ ct. t.w. diamonds   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Comfortable Arizona trunks in a colorblock striped print are sure to make a splash in and out of the water. elastic waist with faux drawstring back pocket with self-adhesive flap mesh liner polyester washable imported husky available online only
Keep all your shower products neat and tidy with the Bath Boutiques chrome corner basket. The attached hook is a convenient place to hang your loofah or washcloth.   rust-free construction grid design allows water to drain easily chrome design fits any décor 10x4x2½H Chrome finish on solid brass. Includes mounting hardware. Hand wash. Imported.  
With eclectic colors and designs inspired by the legendary musician’s artwork, this bold tie adds a vibrant finishing touch to your look. As a bonus, it comes with a collectible guitar pick. includes “Curves & Lines” guitar pick 3½ wide; 62 long 100% silk spot clean imported
Featuring a timeless turn-cuff design, our comfortable cotton-blend socks are a must-have staple for your footwear collection. package of 3 pairs cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
What it is:An amped up, ultra-black mascara that lengthens, curls and magnifies lashes for an intensified look, while instantly increasing lash volume by up to 752 percent.What it does:Powered by tarte’s proprietary triple black complex, this long-wearing, vitamin-infused formula emphasizes length and volume while conditioning lashes for a dramatic look that won’t dry out, flake, or budge. The custom-engineered, dual-molded brush boosts even the skinniest lashes for an exaggerated, voluminous look. First, the shorter, denser side of the brush delivers the optimal amount of mascara to volumize and coat each lash perfectly. Then the longer, firmer side lengthens and separates for maximum volume without clumping. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:Provitamin B5, a vitamin B derivative, helps treat and thicken the appearance of lashes, while beeswax forms a protective barrier between the skin and the environment that supports natural collagen production, and mineral pigments soothe and soften lashes. This product is formulated without mineral oil, sodium lauryl sulfates, and gluten. It is ophthalmologist tested and proven to increase lash volume by up to 752 percent.Suggested Usage:-Apply the perfect amount of mascara using the denser side of the wand with the short, dense soft-flex bristles, wedging at the base of lashes and pulling through the tip in zigzag motions.-Next, rotate the brush 180 degrees to comb through lashes with the longer Firma-flex bristles.-Apply two coats to achieve maximum length and volume.-For best results, remove with an oil-based eye makeup remover.-Tarte tip: Before applying, tap the brush on the top of the tube to feel the difference between the bristles. For best results, remove with an oil-based eye makeup remover.Size:0.31 ozIngredients​Water, acrylates copolymer, Beeswax, glyceryl stearate, Carnauba Wax, candelilla wax, stearic acid, paraffin, butylene glycol, acacia Senegal gum, aminomethyl propanol, Castor Seed Oil, polybutene, caprylyl glycol, 1,2 hexanediol, tropolone, hydroxyethylcellulose, sodium dehydroacetate, iron oxides (CI 77499).
true GE®'s 7.2 cu. ft. dryer combines the latest in up-to-date technology and exceptional quality with an auto dry option that monitors air temperature to adjust drying time while the quiet-by-design feature minimizes noise for convenient placement. 7.2 cu. ft. capacity 4 drying cycles: Cool Down, Less Dry, More Dry, Wrinkle Care aluminized alloy drum electromechanical front controls 4 heat temperatures: regular, medium, low, air fluff auto dry monitors air temperature to set the optimal drying time Wrinkle Care extended tumble reduces wrinkling and creasing End-of-cycle signal alerts you when the load is done, so clothes can be removed before wrinkles set in up to 120 ft. venting capability provides flexible installation Quiet-by-Design sound protection minimizes dryer noise for convenient placement in first-floor laundry rooms or near bedrooms dryer duct and electrical cords required for installation and are sold separately
For the woman who loves the classics. This attractive Timex® watch is perfect for on the job or on the go. Plus the highly visible face makes it easy to tell time at a glance.   Brand: Timex® Dial Color: White Bracelet: Two-tone stainless steel expansion band Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 18mm Case Thickness: 6mm Bracelet Dimensions: 135-190mm long, 9mm wide Model No.: T2N068 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Polarized lenses and a unique retro square frame make our Converse sunglasses stand out with style. 100% UV protection plastic frame
true This top-freezer refrigerator has a high-gloss finish for a polished appearance and ample storage space inside, providing you with superb functionality and style. #1 in quality and dependability among 14-18 cu. ft. refrigerators based on an independent study of property maintenance personnel. Source: The Stevenson Company, 2013—Market research company with over 20 years of experience in the appliance industry  ENERGY STAR® qualified upfront temperature controls regulate fresh food and freezer sections factory-installed icemaker quick space shelf slides out of the way to make room for tall items adjustable humidity drawers help food stay fresh adjustable Clear Look door bins adjustable glass freezer shelf spillproof freezer floor wipes up easily for quick cleanup 17.6 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage room 67⅜ x 28 x 32½
Trend-right chevron makes these athletic capris a winning addition to any active look. elastic waist cotton/spandex washable imported
Walk a mile in our shoes with these men’s oxford shoes from Call It Spring. synthetic upper rubber sole   CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Add personality to casual days with these fun, print chino shorts from Arizona. relaxed fit flat front 4-pocket styling zip fly with button closure 100% cotton washable imported
This broom head clicks into place at different angles with a push of your foot and stays in place while you’re sweeping.   lightweight pole for easy maneuvering is perfect for reaching ceiling corners soft rounded handle allows for a secure and comfortable grip while cleaning at any angle flexible bristles have feathered tips to effectively capture dust and dirt without flicking back and spreading the mess Aluminum. Measures 1.65x7.5x52.5H. Imported.  
Fall asleep in comfort with our knit pajama pants from Stafford, featuring a cozy cotton construction that's every bit as soft as your favorite jersey tee. loose fit comfort elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets button fly cotton washable imported
Our top features a pleated front panel for a versatile style that can easily be dressed up for the office or dressed down for everyday looks. scoopneck sleeveless pleated front 27½-29½ length polyester washable imported
This stylish duvet cover features a bold floral design for the artist in your home. clever allover floral design with bold contrast floral design details matching design on back cotton duvet cover and shams washable full duvet cover: 76x86 queen comforter: 86x90 imported 3-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams Full and queen sets include standard shams.
Featuring a sophisticated, strappy design with a medium heel, these pumps elevate your look for any special occasion. textile/synthetic upper 3¼ heel suede lining rubber sole
Get back to the basics of style with ease in our classic Bedford twill pants, perfect with flats for a casual look. Secretly Slender Technology is designed with a built-in panel to flatten and instantly slim your tummy front pockets back welt pockets with flap button-and-zip closure misses: 32 inseam petites: 29 inseam petite short: 27½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
This turtle-riffic necklace gets to the finish line first with its lovely shades of green twinkling crystals. Metal: Silver-plated brass Stones: Crystals Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long cable chain Pendant Size: 15x19.5mm long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our Dockers straight-fit pants are designed with crosshatch, no-iron fabric for easy care and a subtle handsome texture. stretch fabric for ease of motion no iron fabric permanent crease moisture management and soil release zip fly with hook and bar closure 1/4 top pockets 2 rear pockets straight hemmed leg flat-front straight fit polyester/rayon washable imported
Deck her out in frills in our denim tiered dress and she'll have people fawning over her all day! roundneck denim bodice with lace trim grosgrain ribbon belt 3-tier chiffon skirt bodice: cotton/polyester dress and lining: polyester washable imported
Whether for a day in the office or for a night out with the girls, our flutter-sleeve knit top is perfect for pairing with your favorite skirt or pair of pants. roundneck short sleeves approx. 26½-28½ length polyester/spandex washable imported
true LG offers new and innovative technologies to make things simple and fast. LG’s EasyClean™ technology lets you clean the interior with just a quick wipe. The Eco-On feature saves you energy when the microwave is not in use. Plus, One Touch settings lets you cook and warm up a variety of foods in moments. A microwave that is simplicity at it’s best – quick and easy cooking. 1.1 cu. ft. capacity for conveniently cooking your favorite small dishes 1000 watts deliver thorough cooking results 10 power levels for powerful cooking flexibility LED display with touchpad controls for an easy-to-use experience that's also easy to clean EasyClean® interior lets you enjoy fast, high-performance cleaning inside and out without using chemicals 12 turntable provides even cooking results and accommodates large dishes that may not fully rotate auto and rapid defrost settings let you defrost for a preset amount of time Eco-On feature saves energy by turning off display when not in use (after 5-minute inactivity period) 20x11x15
Easily convert our attractive faux leather sofa to a bed in seconds, featuring a contemporary style and comfort that will add appeal to your home or office. wood frame extra support chrome solid steel legs contemporary style faux leather upholstery polyurethane foam cushion wood/polyurethane foam/fabric/steel wipe with damp cloth 71x34x35H assembly required, tools included imported
A gorgeous satin look and pretty faux-jewel accents make these sandals the perfect choice to highlight your picture-perfect look. satin polyester upper 4½ heel ½ platform faux-jewel embellishments adjustable ankle strap synthetic sole
Add sturdy and stylish seating to your counter or table with this backless barstool featuring splayed legs accented with a decorative wood trim. wood and rubberwood construction flush-joint joinery cushion filled with upholstery foam brushed bronze-tone nailhead accents 275-pound weight capacity Upholstery options: Faux leather: polyurethane; spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Tweed: 75% polyester/25% acrylic; spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Assembly required; screwdriver needed. Imported. Counter-height barstool: 20Wx14Dx26H Bar-height barstool: 21Wx15Dx32H
Standing out with its cream shantung softback shade, this candlestick table lamp is a stylish addition to any space. on/off switch composite 35H shantung shade is 10H with a 12 bottom opening uses one 100W bulb, max., not included imported CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: A title 20-compliant lamp will be shipped to the state of California and include a CFL bulb.
A super dose of dazzling crystals—from the inner ring on the dial to the double row on the bezel—is what you can expect from this watch. A glitter-style strap seals the deal.   Dial Color: Silver-tone Accents: Crystals on bezel and dial Strap: Purple synthetic Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 18mm wide Model No.: DCR190   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Update your athletic style with bold color, a soft fabric and a nod to your favorite sport. big and tall fit short sleeves polyester/cotton washable imported
Accessorize your wallet, purse, backpack and more with this darling black fuzzy ball charm on a silver-tone link chain.  Metal: Silver-tone metalClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 3.25x5.25  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Cute and edgy, our sleeveless hoodie features a fun cutout crisscross back and a front pouch pocket.  v-neck sleeveless 29¼-30½ length body: polyester/rayon trim: polyester washable imported
Head out for a run in our cropped leggings, featuring a hidden waistband key pocket and a moisture-wicking gusset to keep you cool and dry as you work out. hidden waistband key pocket mid rise moisture-wicking gusset seamless construction reflective logo 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Add athletic comfort to your everyday looks with these printed, pull-on jogger shorts from Arizona. elastic waist with drawcord slant front pockets back welt pockets flat front 10¼ inseam raw hem cotton washable imported
What it is:A foaming cleanser with antiaging properties. What it is formulated to do:This product instantly foams into a delicate, creamy lather. Without stripping skin of essential moisture, it gently removes impurities and excess surface cells that may contribute to signs of aging. Skin is left feeling exceptionally smooth. What else you need to know:Shiseido Benefiance WrinkleResist24 is a complete line of skincare products that targets every step of wrinkle formation. Each product contains a breakthrough ingredient, mukurossi extract, which directly inhibits the activity of a wrinkle-triggering enzyme. Skin is made resistant to future signs of aging while existing wrinkles are visibly improved.Suggested Usage:-Use daily as first step of skincare routine.Ingredients​Water, Potassium Stearate, PEG-8, Potassium Myristate, Glycerin, Dipropylene Glycol, Potassium Laurate, Stearic Acid, Myristic Acid, Glyceryl Stearate SE, Sorbitol, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Lauric Acid, PEG-60 Glyceryl Isostearate, Polyethylene, Sodium Methyl Cocoyl Taurate, Phytosteryl Macadamiate, Talc, Trisodium EDTA, Phytosteryl/Octyldodecyl Lauroyl Glutamate, Ethylcellulose, Sodium Hyaluronate, Sodium Benzoate, Fragrance, Iron Oxides.
She'll be bibbidi-bopping all over town in this beautiful Cinderella watch with clever carriage-inspired face and castle-print strap.   Brand: Disney Dial Color: Character print Strap: Blue plastic Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7” long, 16mm wide Model No.: W001273 Special Features: 3 ATM water resistance   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our city shorts are the perfect finishing touch for a hot night out on the town. 2 inseam side seam pockets polyester washable imported
This short-sleeve shirt features exclusive Nike Dri-FIT technology that pulls moisture away from your skin to keep you dry and comfortable.●    crewneck●    regular, loose fit●    short sleeves●    cotton/polyester●    washable●    imported  
Give your look some kicky fun with our printed pants; a sure treat with bold excitement.   pull on 31½ inseam polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
For a look that’s on-point with the latest trends, our Claiborne dot bow tie will be your go-to piece. to-be-tied bow tie polyester spot clean imported  
With a curve-hugging wide waistband and sleek tailored silhouette, our slim-fit pants are a classic staple you can't go without. flat front zip fly with hook and bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front slant pockets 2 back faux welt pockets 33 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Keeping it cute just got a little easier with the sweet look of our crochet-yoke dress with sheer sleeves. approx. 27⅞ - 29 length from shoulder polyester polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Enchant her with this stunning ring, which features a central cultured freshwater pearl and glittering cubic zirconia stones fashioned in sterling silver.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: Cultured freshwater pearl  Other Stones: Simulated diamond 3/8 ct. t.w. diamond equivalent   Carat (ct.) total weight (t.w.) represents the approximate total weight of diamonds or equivalent appearance.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our soft, loose fitting polo feels comfortable against your skin and breathes easy in warmer weather. flat collar front placket cotton/spandex washable imported
There's nothing quite like the fit and feel of our classic Liz Claiborne trouser pants to get you through the day with confidence. mid rise belt included straight leg 29½ inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Hit the halls in our so-cool-for-school two-button stretch twill pants—complete with two front pockets and two back welt pockets. 32 inseam cotton/spandex trim: cotton washable imported
Switch out basic bottoms for the abbreviated cut of our cropped pants when you want a slimming and sun-savvy look. 23 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Double your style possibilities with our striped double knit cardigan. open front approx. 30 - 31½ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Contrasting sleeves and a quarter placket lend sporty style to this cotton-rich raglan tee. 3-button placket long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Our one-shoulder swim tank features a fun print and sassy asymmetrical design that sets apart her poolside look. nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our suede vest and graphic tank top make a modish layered look that you will love to pair with jeans, shorts or a skirt.  tank top: scoopneck vest: 28 length tank top: 24 length vest: polyester/spandex tank top: polyester/rayon hand wash, line dry imported
This micro-mini crossbody bag features a number of interior pockets and a durable outer material that's made to carry you through your everyday outings. adjustable crossbody strap, 24 drop top zip closure washed vinyl front metal logo plate 2 exterior zip pockets 1 interior zipper pocket, 3 slip pockets 5½Hx8Wx2D imported
Sleek and slouchy, our drop-shoulder t-shirt adds a soft touch to your girl-on-the-go look. long sleeves roundneck approx. 27⅛ - 28¾ front length jersey knit rayon machine wash, dry flat imported
What it is: A luminous, super soft liner that glides and blends like a kohl and gives the instant color payoff of a gel liner. What it does: This soft liner provides superior blendability and intense color. It is easy to wear as a precise line, but can also be used to create a dramatic smoky eye by gently smudging outward with the built-in blender. It gives the instant color payoff of a gel liner without the fuss or mess. Suggested Usage: -Glide directly onto the lash line. -Blend as desired using the in-built blender to create a smoky eye look. Size:0.04 ozIngredients:Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Mica, Synthetic Wax, Dipentaerythrityl Hexahydroxystearate/Hexastearate/Hexarosinate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, HDI/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Nylon-12, Cera Alba (Beeswax), Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba Wax) Cera, Ozokerite, Silica, Lecithin, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Citric Acid, Tin Oxide, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Ferric Ammonium Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Carmine (CI 75470), Ultramarines (CI 77007).
Featuring an antique finish and finely crafted design, this picture frame is perfect for displaying your favorite photos or art. easel and hangers on back can be hung vertically or horizontally set of 6 Wood/glass/paper. Made in America.
Ideal for your laundry room or closet, our 3-section sorter keeps apparel separated the way you want and easily accessible.●    durable plastic frame with metal tubing●    3 fabric/mesh sorting containers●    no-tool assembly in minutes●    4 caster wheels (2 locking) included●    28.5x16.5x30.75H●    assembly required●    wipe clean with damp cloth●    imported
You can keep comfortable on and off the track with our athletic shorts featuring adidas® Climalite® technology to keep you cool. elastic waistband compression fabric 3 inseam polyester/elastane washable imported
Say hello to extra storage with this kitchen buffet.  The buffet stores your silverware, china, fruit bowls and vases, all within easy reach.   3 drawers for kitchen items or linens 2 doors wood knobs Lindale hutch sold separately. MDF construction. Assembly required. Imported. Buffet: 32½x12x32H
Increase the versatility of your wardrobe with our high heel pumps that go from office to opera in effortless style. synthetic upper 3-7/16 high heel rivet detailing rubber/textile sole
Bring your look full circle with this chic bangle, adorned with multicolor crystal disc endcaps. Metal: Silver-plated metalStones: Multicolor crystals Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Adorned with brightly colored crystals and a single star, this anklet will make a beautiful addition to your accessory collection. Metal: Sterling silverStones: Clear, red and blue crystalsClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 9 long cable chainRing is only available at jcp.com in size 3, 4 and 5.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Fashion meets functionality with this sharp fleece Van Heusen sweater that’ll keep you looking good when the weather gets cool. 3-button mockneck collar polyester washable imported
Our bracelet watch features a gold-tone, brass metal-link band with a champagne dial and can be personalized to make the timepiece uniquely yours.  Dial Color: ChampagneStrap: Gold-tone brass metal linksClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzCase Width: 32mmCase Thickness: 5mmBracelet Dimensions: 7 long; 14mm wideModel No.: 57393Special Features: Personalize with up to 10 characters Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Providing comfort like no other sneaker, our sporty Chuck Taylor All-Stars give her a fun and playful look for any occasion. construction canvas upper rubber sole details lace up closed toe
The asymmetrical front zipper on our ponte knit, midi pencil skirt will finish your work or weekend look with bold, modern flair. 26½ length rayon/nylon/spandex polyurethane face rayon back washable imported
Our tank top and purse match well with most pants or jeans for a complete, relaxed, warm-weather outfit. includes purse scoopneck crochet yoke on back 26 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Our button-front shirt features a point collar and is made from a cotton blend stretch fabric for a comfy addition to your work wardrobe.  point collar long sleeves button front front exterior pocket cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Alfred Dunner pants are just what you've been looking for, dress pants with casual comfort. flat front, back elastic slash pockets 28 inseam polyester washable imported
She'll love the bright and bubbly colors of our super comfy and girly pajama set from Carter's. includes 2 long-sleeve tees and 2 pajama pants ribbed cuffs no-pinch elastic waistbands 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Your next favorite accessory, the personalized Gatsby-pattern flask, is a gorgeous hipflask inspired by the roaring twenties. A container with feminine elegance, it’s the perfect addition to any woman’s party attire. free personalization stainless steel/vinyl cling wrap 4x1x4”H; holds up to 6 oz. wipe clean with a damp cloth imported May be printed with a name (max 15 characters, uppercase only) and two custom lines (max 19 characters per line) at no additional cost.
Getting her ready is a breeze with these easy to mix-and-match capri leggings. elastic waist cotton/spandex washable imported
Sleep well with our sheet set, featuring a comfy cotton/linen blend and a variety of cool natural hues to complement your bedroom's décor. fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 17 deep cotton/linen washable imported Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Queen set includes standard pillowcases. King and cal. king sets include king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases are sold separately.
true The true European convection in this oven lets you achieve delicious results from a third heating element and fan combination.   4.3 cu. ft. total oven capacity glass touch controls so you can set temperatures quickly and clean with little effort ten-pass bake element ensures even baking with heat that covers more surface area, eight-pass broil element gets full broil coverage and even browning from edge to edge hidden bake oven interior makes cleanup easy by eliminating hard-to-reach areas WiFi Connect: wirelessly control oven functions from your smartphone self-clean with steam clean option (both ovens): clean your oven the way you want self-clean, heavy-duty oven racks: conveniently clean your oven and racks together halogen oven lighting lets you easily see how your food is baking
What it is: A luxurious, leave-in styler that deeply nourishes, regenerates, and protects hair to increase its smoothness, shine, strength, and manageability. What it is formulated to do: Designed for those with ultra-dry, brittle, and damaged hair of all types, this nourishing, ultra-fluid cream instantly reveals radiantly healthy hair while preventing breakage, dryness, and frizz. Hair regains its softness and suppleness with a lightweight finish. Formulated with a light, instantly absorbed texture, this cream is the perfect balance of sensorial richness and effective conditioning. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: The botanical keratin used by Phyto consists of 18 amino acids derived from wheat, corn and soy. It is the only keratin on the market that perfectly imitates the natural keratin found in hair, and works to fill the gaps in the cortex. Research results: In an independent self-assessment study: - 91% users felt their hair was shinier - 97% users felt their hair was more supple Suggested Usage: -Apply two to four pumps depending on hair thickness and length. -For a daily touch-up, apply a small amount on dry hair to mid-lengths and ends. -Before blow-drying, apply a small amount to towel-dried hair and blow-dry or heat style as normal for additional protection. -Leave in. Size:3.5 ozIngredients:-Botanical Keratin Biomimicry technology (A complex of 18 amino acids): Perfectly imitates the natural keratin found in hair and works like a filler to fill in the gaps in the cortex. -Sapote Butter: Replenishes hair with lipids for increased suppleness and strength. It is twice as rich in Omega 6 fatty acids as shea butter. -Baobab Oil: Provides anti-dryness benefits and softens the hair. Paeonia Officinalis Flower Extract, Propanediol, Isodecyl Neopentanoate, Water, Cetearyl Alcohol, Pouteria Sapota Seed Butter, Mauritia Flexuosa Fruit Oil, Adansonia Digitata Seed Oil, Polyquaternium-37,Polyquaternium-70, Fragrance, Polymnia Sonchifolia Root Juice, Behentrimonium Methosulfate, Saccharide Isomerate, Dipropylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Chlorphenesin, Glycerin, Citric Acid, Vitis Vinifera (Grape) Seed Extract, Alcohol, Hydrolyzed Corn Protein, Hydrolyzed Soy Protein, Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, Tocopherol. Peg-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Xanthan Gum, Sodium Citrate. Maltodextrin, Carmine (CI 75470), Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate.
Switch gears from one versatile color to another with a flip of the buckle.   1½ wide leather/polyurethane imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.  
Looking cute for school is a breeze with this easy-match, bow-sleeve polo. point collar short sleeves with bows cotton/polyester washable imported
Get the lightweight support you want with the all-day comfort our Fila Memory Workshift athletic shoes. technology DLS foam midsole for cushioning construction leather/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up memory foam sockliner for added comfort synthetic overlays for lightweight, structured support
These sharkskin suit pants give your look luster with a resilient, washable fabric that won’t get road-weary. wrinkle-resilient fabric big and tall fit zip fly with hook-and-eye closure pleated front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets hemmed shell: wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported  
Create colorful charm in your room with this cotton sateen comforter set featuring a paisley and striped print combination.   cotton sateen fabric vintage look soft shades on gray and yellow 2-piece Twin set includes: comforter sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: comforter 2 shams Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Cotton/polyester comforter with polyester fill; cotton/polyester shams. Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 68x90; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: comforter is 88x90; shams are 26x20  King: comforter is 104x92; shams are 36x20
When the weather tries to beat you down, fight back in this bubble jacket with fleece lining and a removable hood. regular fit removable hood zip front with self-adhesive storm flap long sleeves with adjustable, self-adhesive cuffs 3 pockets polyester washable imported
Feel great and look sharp in our linen-blend vest with paisley trim.  white taping and paisley trim embroidery 5-button front linen/rayon hand wash, line dry imported
Alluring and delicate, this genuine aquamarine and diamond-accent bracelet is crafted in brightly polished sterling silver.   Metal: Sterling silver Stone: Genuine aquamarine Other Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 7 1/4 Gemstones may be treated and may require special care; ctw. is approximate. Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add a fun colorblock design to your shoe collection with our flat slingback sandals.  synthetic upper rubber sole
Our fit-and-flare dress is as interesting as you are with a whimsical polka dot print and a pop of color at the waist. bateaux neckline sleeveless back zipper inset waistband approx. 35½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Featuring a tasteful diagonal stripe pattern and a butterfly back, our extended-shoulder tee by Liz Claiborne is ideal for the office or for a night out.●    roundneck●    short sleeves●    approx. 29-30¼ length●    rayon/polyester●    washable●    imported  
Semi-fitted tummy control pants will keep you comfortable while shaping your curves for a flattering silhouette.   xtreme shaper semi-fitted mesh control panels offer support where you need it most stretch fabric for freedom of movement no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin UV protection from harmful rays approx. 30½ - 31½ inseam jersey knit black: cotton/spandex charcoal: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Adventurous, yet simply adorable, this cool camo apron set will give your lil' grillin' buddy a taste of the great outdoors.   two front utensil pockets ties in the back adjustable neck strap set includes apron, chef's hat and mitt Cotton apron measures 15½x21. One size fits most. Washable. Imported.
The Hulk may be tough, but he's actually a real softy. Get to know his softer side with this fun Hulk-shaped pillow.   adds a playful layer of texture and comfort to bed's decor measures 15x9x20H Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Easily standing up to the rigors of everyday use, this sturdy flatware set features beautiful handles, a mirrored finish and contemporary design. 18/0 stainless steel includes serving pieces service for 8 53-piece set includes: 8 salad forks 8 dinner forks 8 dinner knives 8 steak knives 8 soup spoons 8 teaspoons serving spoon pierced serving spoon cold meat fork sugar spoon butter knife Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
What it is: A double-ended eye shadow brush to define and contour eyes. What it does: Play up your eye shadow looks with this two-in-one brush essential. Apply your favorite shadow all over the lids, while defining and contouring along the crease. The dense, cruelty-free bristles blend across a variety of cream shadow formulas, and they’re ideal for applying tarte’s plush shadow found in the Rainforest of the Sea™ Eyeshadow Palette. Suggested Usage: -Use the flat, dense brush end to apply the full-coverage base shades all over the lids. -Use the fluffy, tapered brush end to target and contour around the shape of the eye to define the crease and browbones.
Our chic chevron print tank top features a flowy cut and a pretty tassel necklace that is detachable. scoopneck 29½ length rayon/polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Feel like you are in the tropics wherever you might be with the cotton comfort of these shorts from Arizona. classic fit zipper fly 2 front slant pockets 2 back pockets 10 ¼ inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Cotton-rich fleece sweatpants offer cold-weather comfort in a fit that won’t get in the way.   slim fit terry waist with drawstring cuffed leg cotton/polyester washable imported  
Classic-fit shorts offer moisture-wicking comfort and a style that pairs nicely with your favorite polo shirt.   moisture-wicking, sun-protecting fabric classic fit sits at waist flat front two front slash pockets length falls above the knee polyester washable imported  
Dress up your barware collection and take toast-worthy occasions to a whole new level with this personalized growler and set of accompanying pilsners.   growler features a screw-top lid carry handle allows for easy transport can be engraved with a single block initial 5-piece set includes: 64-ounce growler four 4¾-ounce mini pilsner glasses Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
This luxurious cotton/polyester pet throw lets your furry friend curl up in comfort while protecting your chair.   comfortable, easy-care cotton soft polyester fill and backing available in a variety of decor-friendly colors Designed to fit a 36-40H chair with an overall length (outside arm to outside arm) of 32-43 and a seat cushion depth of 26. Cotton/polyester. Washable. Imported.
Your little hero in training will dream of big adventures in this mix-and-match pajama set. includes short-sleeve shirt, shorts and pants elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Add this ogee- and chain-link-patterned wicker double cushion to your patio seating for extra comfort and a burst of color. It's fade resistant and water repellant, making it the perfect outdoor update. fade resistant water repellant polyester with polyester fill spot clean 42x19x5 finished and filled in America with imported materials
Brand: BerthaDial Color: Multicolor mother-of-pearlAccents: CrystalsStrap: White leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 38mmCase Thickness: 12mmBracelet Dimensions: 7.25 long; 18mm wideModel No.: BTHBR5105Special Features: Enamel-tipped crown, luminous hands Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Show off your superstar status with this two-tone gold openwork star ring that's awash with diamonds for a stellar sparkle. Metal: 14K two-tone gold Stones: ⅓ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2 Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our adidas mesh boxer trunks deliver comfort and keep on delivering all day long with a superior cut, the ultimate in fabric performance and more.   medium rise tagless plush soft waistband streamlined fit no-ride-up leg construction Climacool® ventilation non-chafing stitching double-lined support moisture management polyester/spandex washable imported      
These plaid cargo shorts from The Foundry Supply Co. come with a herringbone weave belt. relaxed fit sits at waist straight leg 11 inseam button and zip fly 2 front pockets 2 side cargo pockets 2 back welt pockets with flap polyester herringbone belt 100% cotton washable imported
What it is:A duo featuring the groundbreaking Cold Plasma and Cold Plasma Sub-D to repair visible signs of aging. What it is formulated to do:This collection is designed to dramatically improve the signs of aging along the jawline, neck, and décolletégiving the face an overall more rejuvenated, youthful appearance. Cold Plasma is a revolutionary treatment formulated to address the 10 most visible signs of aging and deliver a healthy-looking, rested, and radiant complexion. Cold Plasma Sub-D is a proven, effective treatment formulated to address the visible signs of aging along the jawline, chin, and neck areas for visibly firmer, more toned skin. This set contains:- 1 oz Cold Plasma - 1 oz Cold Plasma Sub-D What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: Cold Plasma is a universally effective formula suits all skin types and enhances the benefits all Perricone MD treatments. It offers optimal nutrition via a patented phospholipid delivery system that releases actives directly into skin cells. It provides the skin with a plethora of ingredients and allows for a self-selection process driven by biochemical individuality, naturally maximizing 'customized' benefits for every complexion. The result is resilient, nourished, luminous, young-looking skin. Research results:In an independent 4-week consumer study on Cold Plasma: - 99% felt that their skin was soft and smooth - 94% said they liked the results and felt it gave their skin all it needs - 85% said they got instant results - 82% saw improvement in their skin’s discoloration - 81% saw improvement in pore size - 79% said this works better than anything else they have used In an independent 4-week clinical study: - 82% felt the appearance of their chin/jawline was more well-toned, tighter, and firmer - 82% saw a decrease in the appearance of a double chin or sagging under the chin/jawline - 85% saw a decrease in the appearance of fat under their skin - 79% noticed their chin/jawline looked crisper and more defined Suggested Usage:Cold Plasma:-Apply on cleansed skin in the morning and in the evening.-Follow with any Perricone MD treatment and then finish with a moisturizer. Cold Plasma Sub-D:-Apply twice per day along the contours of jawline, chin, neck, chest, and behind the ears. Precautions:-Do not use on damaged or broken skin.-Keep out of eyes.-Keep out of reach of children.
Add luxurious beauty to your space with this comforter set featuring an allover key design. jacquard print in navy and silver solid navy border on comforter, shams and Euro shams decorative pillows tie the look together with embroidery and pleating details 8-piece set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop 2 Euro shams 2 decorative pillows Euro shams require a 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Queen sets include standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams, Euro shams and bedskirt. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Queen: comforter is 90x90; shams are 26x20; Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 60x80; decorative pillows are 18x18 and 18x12 King: comforter is 104x92; shams are 36x20 Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 78x80; decorative pillows are 18x18 and 18x12 Cal. King: comforter is 104x92; shams are 36x20; Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 72x84; decorative pillows are 18x18 and 18x12 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.  For best results, launder in a large-capacity front-loading washer and dryer. If the comforter doesn't have free movement in the washer and dryer, a large-capacity commercial washer and dryer are recommended.
Switch from black to brown with this useful reversible belt, perfect for formal and casual wear. Made with 100% leather materials, this has the quality and style you count on.   leather 1¼ wide spot clean imported
A classic style in a soft, warm wool-blend, you'll want to wear our flatteringly tailored, double-breasted pea coat seven days a week. heavyweight princess seams at front and back 33 - 35 length from shoulder, depending on size ordered camel and black: wool/polyester/other fibers smoke grey: wool/polyester/acrylic/nylon/rayon/other fibers green/navy plaid: polyester/wool/other fibers paris red: wool/polyester/nylon/acrylic/other fibers lined dry clean only imported
Front buckle detailing flanked by zipper toggles lends a rugged finish to our mini crossbody bag, whose built-in ID window and credit card slots have a reputation for being quick on the draw. adjustable crossbody strap, 24 drop top zipper closure synthetic; polyester lining metal hardware and logo exterior front zipper pocket interior zipper pocket, 2 slip pockets and 8 credit card slots 5½(H) x 8(W) x 2(D) imported
This 100% silk paisley tie says sophisticated and anything but shy. extra long 3¼ wide, 62 long 100% silk spot clean imported
Lead the pack in our essential bike shorts, designed with a supportive compression fit, no-chafe seams and moisture-wicking fabric to keep you cool and comfortable. tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won’t irritate your skin inner media pocket at back waistband 8 inseam jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported
Achieve that “no-show” look under your favorite tops with our full-figure racerback bra by Ambrielle, featuring a plunge design for lifting and shaping.  Style: lace plunge racerback; adjustable straps for a personalized fit Padding: includes underwire for shape and support Fabric: nylon/elastane/spandex Care: hand wash, dry flat Origin: imported
A whimsical design reminiscent of pinwheels covers these dense, cut-and-loop pile rugs for a dramatic statement.   high-low pile adds dimension powerloomed construction highly durable acrylic/polypropylene 8mm pile height; ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Care Instructions: Professionally clean Use: Indoor Origin: Imported  
A delicate brushstroke texture on the gold-tone finish lets this frontal necklace bring out your inner artist.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Closure: Lobster clasp   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Complete your hunting-inspired bedroom with this decorative pillow featuring an embroidered deer head silhouette on a muted hunter green background. embroidered deer head silhouette muted hunter green background brown stripes frame the embroidery measures 18x18 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported  
Create the shelving unit that suits your unique space and storage needs with these 1 diameter steel support poles with a sleek chrome finish. can be mixed and matched with other Honey-Can-Do components and accessories also compatible with existing Honey-Can-Do shelving units includes 2 caps and 2 adjustable leg-leveler feet Chrome-plated steel. Each measures 1x1x48H. Wipe clean. Imported.
Head to the beach in our swim trunks, featuring an elastic waist and loose fit for added comfort. ●    elastic waist with drawstring●    2 side pockets●    flat front●    loose fit●    polyester with polyester lining●    washable●    imported  
These flat-front twill pants, featuring an adjustable waistband and wrinkle-resistant fabric, will keep him nice and neat no matter how hard he plays at recess.   hook and eye front closure reinforced knees classic fit straight leg easy care stain release, fade-resistant fabric polyester/cotton washable imported
Jingle all the way to the office or holiday party in our jingle bell embellished sweater. approx. 24½ - 26 front length acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
Enjoy the water with extra sun protection in our swim tee, made of moisture-wicking fabric. Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric flat seams for reduced chafing crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
Sleek spinner wheels make this carry-on luggage ultra maneuverable so you can easily get to your destination in style. expandable up to 1½ water resistant top carry handle telescoping trolley handle large interior compartment with mesh pocket front exterior organization pocket; additional exterior compartment 4 airflow spinner wheels for 360° rolling maneuverability through crowds and airports compression straps keeps clothing neatly packed while traveling corner guards Nylon with polyester lining. Measures 14.8x8x21H; weighs 8.37 pounds. Spot clean. Imported. 
The perfect complement to any suit, this v-neck vest will give an extra bit of style to his dressed-up look. Suit sold separately.   v-neck button front 1 chest welt pocket and 2 lower pockets back belt cotton/spandex back belt and lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Bring global elegance to your bedroom with this comforter set that brilliantly blends vibrant colors and unique design for a lively finish. stylish indigo palette artistic floral pattern 2-piece Twin set includes: comforter sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: comforter 2 shams Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Cotton with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x92; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: comforter is 90x90; shams are 26x20 King: comforter is 66x92; shams are 36x20
Comfy and casual, our flip-flop sandals are built for all-day walking with a timeless fashion appeal.construction●    soft pig suede leather upper●    durable TPR rubber outsoledetails●    adjustable hook-and-loop closure●    multi-density cushioning●    1-1/8 heel height  
Featuring a Euro top, this mattress set delivers superior all-over support, along with the comfort you need for relaxing sleep. classic coil innerspring system cover is polyester/polypropylene quilt: FlameGuard™ fiber; ½ Hypersoft™ foam; 1½ x ½ conversion Hypersoft™ foam comfort layers: 2 Sealy ultra-soft foam; 2 SealyFoam™; ½ gel memory foam center Stable Support™ foundation twin: 38x74½x13H; 378 coil count  twin XL: 38x79½x13H; 406 coil count  full: 53x74½x13H; 513 coil count  queen/split queen: 60x79½x13H; 638 coil count  king: 76x79½x13H; 812 coil count  cal. king: 72x83½x13H; 806 coil count  made in America Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring. Box spring measures 9H; mattress set measures 22H when stacked. Split queen mattress set features a 2-piece side-by-side foundation for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer.
Give her sweet style a kick of western flair with our charming boots featuring a mid-top design with buckle accents on the side. ½ heel height pull on polyester upper EVA sole
Upholstered with an innovative polyester fabric featuring the look and feel of natural combed cotton, this luxurious recliner embraces chaise styling elements that are softened slightly by plush backs and sculpted track arms. sturdy engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery 8-gauge sinuous springs in seat; 11-12-gauge sinuous springs in back cushions filled with high-resiliency polyurethane foam and polyester fiberfill easy-to-use reclining mechanism plastic floor glides protect surfaces Reclining options: Recliner: A traditional recliner, this chair only offers a reclining motion. Rocker recliner: Reclines and offers a seamless forward and backward rocking motion. Power lay-flat recliner: Uses a quiet motor to move you from fully upright to fully lying down with the push of a button. Power rocker recliner: Uses a quiet motor to move you from fully upright to fully reclined with the push of a button. It also offers a seamless forward and backward rocking motion. Power wand recliner: An easy-to-use wand control lets you move you from fully upright to fully reclined with the push of a button. Power lift wand recliner: An easy-to-use wand control lets you move from fully upright to fully reclined with the push of a button. You can also control the base height for easier exit and entry. Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 33Wx38Dx39H with a 20 seat height, 23 seat depth and 19 seat back height. Assembly required. Imported. 
What it is:A treatment oil that targets individual skin concerns and delivers balanced moisture for firmer, brighter, and smoother-looking skin.What it does: Rich in essential fatty acids known to recharge and replenish skin, Maracuja Oil works to rejuvenate and deliver an even-toned complexion while its infusion of vitamin C creates the appearance of brighter skin. This powerful elixir supports anti-aging and provides instant hydrationquenching dry skin without leaving it feeling greasy or filmy.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is dermatologist-tested and free of mineral oil, sodium lauryl sulfates, and gluten.Suggested Usage:-This powerful, precious oil replaces your nighttime moisturizer.-In the evening apply two to three drops of pure maracuja oil in your hands, rub them together, and apply to clean, dry skin on face and neck.Size:0.6 oz RollerballIngredients​Passiflora Edulis Seed Oil, Tocopherol.
Our sporty sandals give your little guy the comfort you want him to have in hot weather and a lot of support and cushioning as he plays hard.   polyurethane upper strappy construction heel loop thermoplastic rubber
Layer up or go it alone with this colorful, allover graphic tank from Levi's.   cotton/polyester washable imported
A metallic foil print will make your style shine in our soft chiffon v-neck blouse. approx. 30 - 31¼ length polyester madeira wine clip dot, black clip dot: hand wash, dry flat all other colors: washable imported
He'll have style for days with our sharp dress pants, with a flex waist so he'll always be comfortable. flex waist zipper-and-hook closure 2 front pockets and 2 back pockets flat front polyester washable imported
Soft and stretchy, our strappy bralette allows you to show off your fun strappy details and it offers gentle support and comfort. adjustable straps decorative straps nylon/spandex washable imported
This 14k yellow gold rope chain has gone through a patented hardening process, making it exceptionally durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. It will also maintain consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Hypoallergenic and nickel free. Metal: 14K yellow goldClosure: Fish-hookDimensions: 36 long rope chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You won’t have to jump through hoops for a stylish look in these chic tri-tone circle earrings.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Back: Hook   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail
Channel the ultimate in design luxury with the bold, dramatic look of the Versailles curtain panel.   rod pocket on top and bottom of panel hang two ways for more style options panels can be hung from either end—allowing pleats to fall on the inside or outside of your window Panels are sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Soft and comfortable, two of his favorite things together in this heavyweight cotton tee from Stafford.   combed cotton heavier fabric for durability preshunk for lasting fit premium seaming reduces twisting tag free cotton washable imported
Perfect for both a sunny day at the lake and a weekend party with friends or family, these handsome leather boat shoes take your casual confidence to another level. construction leather upper synthetic sole details slip on
These stylish, sporty sandals feature a wood grain patterned insole and plaid straps. nylon upper EVA sole imported
Evoking the nostalgic feeling of a weekend camping in the woods, this lodge-themed toothbrush holder adds rustic appeal to any bathroom. durable resin construction hand-painted, carved design accommodates multiple toothbrushes Resin. Measures 4x3x6H. Imported.
Give your event-ready look a touch of retro flair in our embellished dress with a mod-inspired mockneck and trapeze silhouette. sleeveless mockneck back zipper 35 length from shoulder polyester/spandex polyester lining washable imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
He'll be ready to run the court in our fun Paw Patrol basketball set.  includes tank top and pull-on shorts crewneck elastic waist polyester washable imported
Our Sutton Place curtain panel frames your window with color and style.   easy-to-hang rod-pocket styling fabric lined for an enhanced weight and feel easy-care for relaxed living Sold individually. Valance sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Polyester with polyester/cotton lining. Washable. Imported.  
The clean, classic look our wingtip oxfords maintains your sophisticated, business-savvy style.   full-grain breathable leather upper lace up comfortable footbed thermoplastic-rubber sole 
Add a polished finishing touch to his wardrobe. Rectangular onyx is framed by two rows of diamonds. In sterling silver.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 2.1 ctw. onyx and 1/8 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Bezel and prong Color Rating: J-K Clarity Rating: I3 Gemstones may have been treated and may require special care
Our PGA TOUR golf shirt features the latest athletic technology and style all in one comfortable polo. AirFlux side ventilation moisture absorption SunFlux sun protection short sleeves spread collar regular fit 3 button placket polyester washable imported
Military-style web belt allows for precise sizing.   metal buckle with antique nickel finish 1½ wide cotton webbing spot clean imported
You'll love the sparkle trim on our 3/4-sleeve jacket dress—perfect for all your special occasions.•    includes 3/4-sleeve jacket and short-sleeve dress•    banded neckline•    ¾-sleeve jacket: 40 length•    short-sleeve dress with back zipper•    44¾ length from shoulder•    polyester•    washable•    imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.  
Showcasing elegance and exquisite clarity, these personalized stemless wine glasses are a great addition to any barware collection. can be engraved with a single block initial 15-ounce capacity set of 6 glass dishwasher safe made in America
Fall asleep in comfort with our 200 thread-count sheet set with an ultra-soft cotton-rich design. 4” top hem fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 14” deep 63% cotton / 37% polyester Sets includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase(s) Twin and Twin XL sets include one standard pillowcase. Full and Queen sets include two standard pillowcases. Extra pillowcases are sold separately. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 30x21 Twin XL: flat sheet is 66x102; fitted sheet is 39x79; pillowcase is 30x21 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x21 Queen: flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 32x21
Add some comfort to your tank top style with our soft cotton shirt.  crewneck 100% cotton washable imported
Wrap up in style with our sturdy Dockers wrap sunglasses. UV protection metal frames
Designed for entertaining in style, this outdoor bar table will be the center of attention at any backyard party. The contemporary slatted construction insures quick drainage for enduring beauty that will stand the test of time. solid wood powder-coated finish UV coated rust resistant 27.2x46.1x42.1H wipe clean with a damp sponge assembly required; Allen key and spanner included imported
Featuring a collared button-front shirt and a sweet pair of flat-front cargo shorts, this 2-piece set is all your little one needs. includes short-sleeve shirt and shorts shirt: knit collar, chest pocket shorts: elastic waist, pockets shirt: cotton/polyester shorts: 100% cotton washable imported
Dazzle with these brilliant glass stone drop earrings.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Aqua glass stones Back: Leverback Dimensions: ¼x1¼ long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Wear them with the 3-piece suit or separately for a more casual look, these black dress pants from Claiborne give you great options for the office. big and tall fit zip fly with button closure flat front front side-seam pockets straight legs hemmed wool/polyester/spandex dry clean only imported
Creating emotion with its distinct depiction of birds in their natural habitat, this canvas wall art brings inviting intrigue to your home. museum-grade canvas wrapped around 1½-thick stretcher bars printed with fade-resistant archival inks unframed design creates a modern gallery look mounting hardware included Canvas/wood/metal. Made in America.
Made to be extra tough, these clip rings are easy to install and match with a variety of curtain panels. set of 14 fits 1 diameter rod stainless steel imported
Fill your room with style and comfort every time you make your bed with the Ciara comforter set featuring an impressive damask print.   gray and soft yellow tones white damask print decorative pillows with geometric embroidery 4-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: quilt sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen set includes: quilt 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester quilt with cotton fill; polyester shams; polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: quilt is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x12 and 16x16 Full/Queen: quilt is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x12 and 16x16
Designed to close easily and blend well with any decor, this convenient gate has a variety of features to give you extra peace of mind about your child or pet. adjusts to fit openings 28 - 38½ conveniently swings open in either direction easy-one hand operation with self-closing panel childproof double-locking system hard-to-climb barrier with handy stay-open feature sturdy steel construction with white finish for use with children 6-24 months partially assembled; instructions included 27¾x2½x29¼H JPMA certified meets CPSIA and CPSC requirements made in America
Enjoy nostalgic style and superb functionality with this retro-inspired popcorn cart. Perfect for family movie nights or fun get-togethers, it features a large capacity and convenient storage shelf for keeping your oils and seeds close at hand. antique look inspired by early 20th-century styles easy-to-clean stainless steel kettle with built-in stirring system and dual-hinged lids 40 cups of popcorn per batch tilt door for easy access and serving tempered glass door and windows with lighted interior convenient utility shelf for popcorn preparation large storage compartment for popcorn supplies kernel catcher tray for un-popped kernels metal/plastic hand wash parts assembly required; tools provided 18x26.5x37H imported
Serve delicious pieces of cakes, pies and other baked treats with the retro-styled Cake Boss four-piece porcelain dessert plate set in the icing & quotes pattern.   crafted from sturdy, quality porcelain and finished with a beautiful decal glaze lively colors and patterns capture old-school bakeshop tradition and heritage each plate features a distinctively colored rim with an icing design and a fun message that's revealed when desserts are finished coordinates with Cake Boss bowls, mugs and other serveware pieces microwave safe set of 4 Porcelain. Each plate measures 8 in diameter. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
These baseball-themed cotton pajamas are a home-run addition to any bedtime lineup. includes short-sleeve top, long-sleeve top, 2 pairs of long pants tops: crewneck pants: elastic waist, rib-knit cuffs 100% cotton washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
From working out to hanging out, these soft Puma jogger pants have the comfort and style to fit the occasion. regular fit sits at waist elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets straight leg cuffed, rib-knit bottom polyester washable imported  
Liven up any kitchen with our set of dishtowels, featuring two madras plaid dishtowels and two yay summer dishtowels. 2 madras plaid towels 2 yay summer towels absorbent, easy-care cotton fabric coordinating placemats sold separately set of 4 100% cotton each dish towel measures 28x18 washable imported
These sporty mesh shorts give your active boy breathable comfort all day long. elastic waist polyester washable imported
Pretty lace and solid T-shirt bras will provide comfortable coverage and support under all your favorite tops. package of 2 adjustable straps underwire polyamide/elastane machine wash, tumble dry or dry flat imported
Add a pop of color and style to your bedroom with the Seventeen Ruched Chevron pillow. vibrant color textured ruched chevron design cover: polyester fill: polyester back: polyester spot clean 16x16 imported
Shimmer with confidence in our fabulous sequin-front leggings. 29 inseam jersey knit body: cotton/spandex mesh polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Our Maidenform Fat Free Dressing Camisole helps to smooth the appearance of your midsection while functioning as a classic layering piece under tops, jackets and dresses – or as a clean and classic look all by itself. It’s firm control helps to smooth and shape your tummy and waist.   firm control smooths and shapes tummy and waist provides a sleeker, smoother silhouette targeted midsection shaping helps smooth bumps and bulges longer length to minimizes roll up  nylon/elastane hand wash; line dry imported
Featuring tasteful embellishment and a high-low hem, our Liz Claiborne tank top is perfect for your style. scoopneck approx. 28-29¼ length rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Our pretty demi cup bra boasts a daring plunge and supportive underwire for the perfect look under all types of clothing.   extra soft microfiber nylon fabric for smooth comfort two-way stretch foam cups support up and down and across for seamless uplift shaping front adjust stretch straps back closure nylon/elastane, exclusive of decoration hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #7959 Hanes Brands Inc. is making a $100,000 combined donation to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation to help move closer to a world without breast cancer.
She'll look more darling than ever when she's at the beach wearing this swimsuit, which features adorable ruffled detail along the straps and leg openings.  nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Featuring a mechanism-glide system with position lock and 360° swivel capability, this pillow-arm recliner and ottoman set is a stylish way to relax at home or the office.   solid birch frame dowel joinery sinuous spring system cushion filled with upholstery foam hardwood and metal base 300-pound weight capacity 11 side table attached to recliner 2-piece set includes: recliner ottoman Upholstery is bonded leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Assembly required; screwdriver needed. Imported. Recliner: 29Wx26Dx40H with a 17 seat height, 20 seat depth and 23 seat back height Ottoman: 22Wx17Dx17H
A classic pearl stud earring set in 10K gold completes a look that is polished, poised and utterly refined. Made in America.   Metal: 10K yellow gold Pearl Type: Certified cultured freshwater pearls Certified: Each piece in the Sofia™ certified cultured pearl collection is individually examined for quality Pearl Color: White Pearl Size: 5-5.5mm Back: Friction Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This warmup scrub jacket from Dickies offers an easy extra layer with plenty of external pockets for your instruments. crewneck neck with logo twill taping snap front 4 exterior patch pockets interior pocket instrument loop long sleeves knit cuffs side vents cotton/polyester washable imported
Enjoy warmer days in our lightweight sandals adorned with three sparkling discs that reflect the sun with every step. synthetic upper synthetic sole glass and metal decoration flat heel
Loaded with fashion-forward touches, our pretty fit-and-flare dress gives you a fit and print that flatters every figure and then ups the ante just a touch with a little neck detail. scoopneck with metal detail sleeveless exposed zipper approx. 38 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
A true blue beauty. A cushion-cut aquamarine dangles below a bail embellished with white sapphires on this lovely pendant.    Metal: Sterling silver Stone: Simulated aquamarine, 7x5mm Other Stones: Lab-created round white sapphires Setting: Prong Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18” rope chain    Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add shine and luster to your hair between shampoos with CHI dry conditioner. This waterless conditioning spray keeps your hair manageable until your next shampoo. adds shine and luster silk and ceramic compound paraben free Made in America. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Rock the gladiator look with these sandals featuring hardware details and a slight wedge. synthetic upper back zip entry approx. 1 wedge heel gold-tone hardware embellishments ankle strap rubber sole
No tux is complete without a classic vest made of wool. Add this version to your tuxedo for that timeless, three-piece look.   classic fit adjustable back strap wool fully lined with acetate dry clean only imported
Defined by its tufted ogee pattern and calming hue, this soft bath rug is a timeless accent to any bathroom decor. absorbent cotton fabric nonskid latex backing Cotton. Washable. Imported. Oblong rugs: available in 17x25 or 19x32
Brand: JBWDial Color: Silver-toneAccents: Diamond accentsStrap: Black siliconeMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mBracelet Dimensions: 8.5 long; 24mm wideModel No.: J6332CSpecial Features: Date function   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You'll be well equipped for most of your cooking needs with this 12-piece nonstick cookware set. aluminum construction provides excellent heat retention, faster conductivity and effectively eliminates hot spots for even heating PFOA- and PTFE-free ceramic nonstick coating flame-proof easy-clean exterior safe for gas, electric, glass and induction stovetops stay-cool silicone-wrapped handles glass lids let you watch food without disturbing the cooking process oven safe to 350ºF 12-piece set includes: 1½-quart saucepan with lid 2½-quart saucepan with lid 3-quart sauté pan with assist handle and lid 6-quart Dutch oven with lid 8 fry pan 10 fry pan nylon solid spoon nylon spatula Aluminum/ceramic/glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Master the art of figure flattery in our one-piece swimsuit from Trimshaper, designed with front shirring and a slimming tummy control panel for glamorous shaping. adjustable straps soft cups shirred tummy control partially lined tricot knit drape: nylon/spandex body: spandex/nylon hand wash line dry imported
A dainty lace-up neckline gives our chiffon cold-shoulder peasant top irresistible appeal. approx. 26 - 27¼ length polyester washable imported
Update your formal style with these flat-front suit pants from JF J. Ferrar, featuring an eyecatching, lustrous fabric and modern fit. zip front with hook-and-eye closure 2 front pockets 2 back pockets flat front straight leg hemmed polyester/rayon dry clean imported
With a fun mix of trend-right patterns and soft, soothing colors, this three-piece crib set is a sweet look for your nursery. includes comforter, sheet, crib skirt quilt: reversible, 35x45 sheet: fits standard 28x52 crib mattress crib skirt: 15 drop 100% cotton washable imported
Come home to a glider that both fits your style and also gives you the ease of rocking your little one to sleep in comfort.   premium cushioning fibers for comfort soft high-loft poly-filled back for extra support whisper smooth swivel glide base reversible seat cushion superior coil seating solid wood frame 39x32½x38½ some assembly required made in America 
Our Bermuda shorts have a classic look that will easily pair with a variety of tops. button and zip fly 2 side and 2 back welt pockets sits at waist 11 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our tee is made from an ultra-comfy cotton blend and features a fun baseball graphic.  short sleeves button down polyester washable imported
Our 4-piece pajama set lets him take his love of Thomas and Friends to bed with him for safe, dreamland adventures. 4-pieces; 2 tops, 2 bottoms elastic waistband short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Edgy zipper details and a removable belt put a contemporary spin on our breathable and flexible softshell moto jacket. belted asymmetrical zip front 2 zippered side pockets 30 length from shoulder black and ivory: polyester/spandex shell face; polyester shell back heather gray: polyester shell dry clean only imported  
With the look of lace you'll be nothing short of lovely in our form-fitting, long-sleeve lace shift dress. scoopneck long sleeves approx. 35½ length from shoulder polyester/nylon/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Be free and easy with our all-cotton, floral-print Vans shirt. collar chest pocket short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
The abstract design on this canvas has soft, subtle tones that make this the ideal piece to add to you wall art collection. archival-ink print on museum-grade canvas handcrafted 1½ solid wood stretcher bars hanging mounts included canvas/solid wood made in America  
Our pinstripe pants feature a double waistband with trouser hooks and a straight leg for a comfortable, professional look. ●    double waistband with trouser hooks●    straight leg●    mid rise●    33 inseam●    rayon/nylon/spandex●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
Our keyhole dress makes an impression with an intricate pattern and halter-top neckline that takes you from the beach to a fun night out. keyhole halter top sleeveless center back button 53¼ length polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Accessorize your bed with this luxurious round decorative pillow featuring soft tufted velvet and a subtle side design. velvet front and back features a side diamond design measures 15 Rayon/cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Add a touch of femininity to your look with our lace inset tank top, this season's perfect layering piece. scoopneck 26½ length polyester/rayon hand wash, line dry imported
Create a comfortable surrounding in your bedroom with this headboard, nightstands and chest featuring a rustic, inviting design. mahogany and engineered wood construction butt-joint joinery each nightstand has 1 drawer and 1 shelf chest has 4 drawers full/queen headboard: 66Wx4Dx56H king/cal. king headboard: 82Wx4Dx56H each nightstand: 24Wx21Dx28H chest: 36Wx20Dx36H assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed imported
With a combination of memory foam and fiberfill, the unique four-layer design of this mattress pad provides you with optimal comfort and support all night long. viscoelastic memory foam fill quilted wave pattern 14 rows of elastic on the Expand-A-Grip skirt ensure a snug, secure fit ½ memory foam surrounded by a lofty layer of fiberfill for support and comfort stain-resistant knit top protects your mattress from stains fits mattresses up to 18 deep Polyester with viscoelastic polyester fill. Washable. Imported cover; foam made in America. Twin: 38x75 Full: 53x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 76x80 Cal. King: 72x84
A magical Cinderella toddler doll is ready to play with your little princess and keep her company for years to come.   measures 15H poseable arms and legs satin dress with glittery skirt for ages 3+ vinyl/PP/fabric wipe clean imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years.  
Sick style is easily achieved with this colorful, Air-themed graphic tee from Nike, the one you want when you’re getting ready to launch. non-restrictive crewneck short sleeves chest graphic with Swoosh 100% cotton washable imported
Our City Streets cropped pants have a snug fit that's perfect for any activity. elastic waist straight leg midrise 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Light up the scoreboard in this Dri-FIT football tee from Nike, featuring a soft-hand print with pearlescent details. soft Dri-FIT fabric wicks away sweat to help keep you dry and cool crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Bold, chunky frames and a fresh pop of color accent these fun, feel-good sunglasses. 100% UV protection shatter resistant polycarbonate lenses plastic/metal frames Warning: this product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm
All-star styling and moisture-wicking performance make these soft woven pants a no-brainer layer for on and off the court. climalite moisture-wicking fabric sits at waist elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets zipper bottom nylon/polyester washable imported
Taking the preferred look of leggings a step further, our Arizona printed capris have the fit and feel with a lot more excitement. elastic waistband cotton/spandex washable imported
Prep him for playtime with a fun tank that’s easy on-and-off for him and easy care for you. crewneck 100% cotton washable imported
true Do it all with this slide-in range that boasts a number of convenient details for your at-home chef. The cooktop features four powerful burners and a center oval burner to accommodate pans of different sizes, and a convenient baking drawer offers additional space for many dishes. 5.4 cu. ft. oven capacity provides enough room to cook an entire meal at once convenient baking drawer offers additional 1.0 cu. ft. capacity for baking from 140 to 450 degrees Fahrenheit 20,000 BTU tri-ring burner offers flexibility of three burners in one four gas burners and additional center oval burner for griddles or odd-size cookware Precise Simmer burner allows you to cook delicate foods with low, even heat non-stick griddle is ideal for cooking a variety of foods self-clean oven cleans the interior without scrubbing front control knobs for accurate heat setting 2 interior oven lights GE Fits! Guarantee ensures an exact fit that makes replacement easy 37¼x30x26½
Classic wing embroidery and rhinestone studs embellish the back flap pockets of our denim jeans for eye-catching style. 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Personalize your styling with the digital temperature control on this professional styling iron. Color coded for precise heat with settings from 266°F to 450°F for specific hair types and textures.   hand touch technology provides an energy-efficient sleep mode with rapid heat-up to its optimum temperature as soon as you pick up the iron for use auto shut off after 1 hour RAPIDTEK™ heating technology provides quick heat-up time with virtually instantaneous heat recovery oversized PTFC (Positive Temperature Frequency Control) heater offers even temperature distribution on the plate surface triple layer process of scratch-resistant ceramic plates with black diamond produces up to 25% more moisture-locking ions includes thermal bag and mat Imported.  JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month. 
You’ll go the extra mile in our maximum support sports bra, featuring moisture-wicking and comfort technology. provides maximum support Double Dry™ technology helps keep you cool and dry moisture wicking mesh panel adds cool ventilation stay-put gel straps eliminate dig in molded cups shape, support and prevent show-through U-back design with adjustable closure for custom fit wireless smooth band for comfort polyester/spandex washable imported manufacturer’s style #1602 
Our Ambrielle sports bra delivers reliable support and gives you the confidence you need to get through your workouts.   adjustable comfort straps full coverage underwire cups lined cups nylon/spandex washable imported
silver-tone metal acrylic stones ¾x10”
Grab our dress shirt and one of the matching tie options for an on-the-go outfit that will look great.  includes shirt, tie and pre-tied bow tie modern fit spread collar long sleeves 2⅞ wide cotton/polyeste ties: polyester washable imported
Embrace your love for America with this eco-friendly bamboo cutting board that’s perfect for slicing and dicing your favorite fruits, veggies and meats.   made from bamboo, a renewable resource harder and denser than most hardwoods like maple constructed to reduce the risk of warping, stabilizing the board for years of use no artificial dyes or stains USA-shaped design easy on knife blades Bamboo. Measures 17½x11. Hand wash. Imported.
Whether he's team Batman or team Superman, he'll be sure to love our comfortable fitting Dawn of Justice pajama shorts. elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame-resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Rich colorblocking and smooth microsuede fabric create a warm, welcoming look that makes the Maddox comforter set perfect for your next bedroom makeover.   comforter features a pieced microsuede finish with pintuck detailing at seams large blocks of color are highlighted in deep red, taupe, chocolate brown and ivory reverses to a brushed fabric back includes all pieces necessary for a fully outfitted bed 7-piece comforter set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop 3 decorative pillows Queen set includes standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt; washable. Polyester pillows with polyester fill; spot clean. Imported. Queen: comforter is 90x90 King: comforter is 104x92 Cal. King: comforter is 104x92 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Elegant and flattering, you'll love showing off in our lace fit-and-flare dress. scoopneck back zipper sleeveless 37½ length from shoulder nylon/cotton polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Point yourself in the right direction with this sterling silver arrow adjustable toe ring.  Metal: Sterling silver  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Rev up your rocker-chic wardrobe with the addition of this cuff bracelet in silver-tone metal with pave crystals.Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: CrystalsDimensions: 6½ long circumferenceJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add some levity to your business look with our Peanuts tie. 3⅛ wide; 57 long polyester spot clean imported
The perfect blend of flirty and fun, our sleeveless tiered dress features a gorgeous embellished neckline. scoopneck sleeveless 41 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Take control of your curves in this comfortable, soft-cup body briefer.   comfort straps tummy control nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Coasters are both functional and decorative in clear glass.   protective pads attached to bottom to guard surfaces clear glass set of 4 Glass. Measures 4 square. Imported. Get it personalized for FREE: may be engraved with single script initial. Check monogram button at right.
Alternating smooth links with stamped X links, this 14K yellow gold bracelet has gone through a patented hardening process. It is more durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking and will also maintain its consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Hypoallergenic and nickel free.   Metal: 14K yellow goldClosure: FishhookLength: 7¼ Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
These stretchy, capri leggings add easy versatility and lighthearted fun to any casual wardrobe. elastic waist cotton/spandex washable imported
He'll love the feel of our all-cotton shorts with an elastic waistband for easy slip-on fun. 2 front pockets and 2 back mock flaps 2 cargo pockets with flaps elastic waistband faux fly and non-functional drawstring 5 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
A polished look with an intricate design, he'll love our stainless steel and tungsten carbide ring.  Metal: Stainless steel and tungsten carbide Dimensions: 7mm wideJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A sun-sational look at the beach or by the pool, our animal print tankini swim top is a perfectly flattering, getaway-ready look. adjustable straps soft cups partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
He’ll have super blaster bounty style when he steps into these athletic shoes.   construction     leather/synthetic/textile upper     padded collar and tongue     shock-absorbing insole     rubber sole     details       printed with contrast-colored distressed armor and Mandalorian Crest insignia     metallic mesh fabric details     lace up     self-adhesive closure with Boba Fett™ mask design
This floating shelf shows no visible supports and appears to float.   show off your favorite knick-knacks easy to hang good way to make use of unused space Sold individually. Laminated MDF. Measures 36x10x2H. Assembly required. Imported.
Hit 'em with all you've got; these durable Dickies pants won't wrinkle or stain, so your look stays fresh all day long.   sits at waist hook and eye and zip closures 4-pocket styling flat front straight cotton/polyester washable imported 
Our Frieze rugs feature a plush, textured construction in vibrant colors to enhance any decor.   heat-set construction for long-lasting colors printed in America highly durable nylon slip-resistant embossed latex back ½ pile height Stain Resistant: Yes  Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes  Rug Backing: Latex  Fire Retardant: Yes  Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces.  Use: Indoor  Care Instructions: Washable  Origin: Made in America
The Olympic LX massage table is all about revolutionary size and strength. At 32 inches wide with oversized ash wood legs and double thickness bed, this table supports up to 3,200 pounds and is the strongest and most comfortable table made for your clients.   supports: 3,200 lbs. table weighs 55 lbs. Auto-Lock™ leg system sets up in seconds 3” thick cushion of Multi-Layer Foam™ including a layer of memory foam northern hardwood legs in a high-end natural furniture finish with Dura-Seal™ protection leg-adjusting holes numbered for accurate and easy height adjustment non-skid, non-marking foot pads keep the massage table in place duo-plane center hinges ensures stability at the center of the table nylon leg buffers keep the wooden legs squeak- and wobble-free leg-brace stabilizer bar adds strength and aids in opening and closing of table unbreakable clevis block leg attachments guarantee rigidity soft-touch leg-lock knobs for easy grip, safety and stability Olympic set includes : massage table, carry case, bolster, 75 disposable face pillow covers and 4-disc CD set Upholstery/wood. Measures 72x32x24-34”H. Imported. Limited lifetime warranty. Frame and bed plywood is CARB compliant (no formaldehyde or carcinogens used). Care instructions: Use warm water and a mild detergent on table. Simple soap dish solution recommended. Wipe down with plain water to clean away any potentially corrosive residue. Dry upholstery with a fresh towel. Wipe down headrest and bolster with water and towel dry.
These embellished skinny jeans add plenty of sparkle and shine to casual, everyday style. 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure heavy stitching with studs and rhinestones cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Turn heads at the office or out on the dance floor with our stretch-knit tube skirt's lavish lace detailing. hidden elastic waist 27½ length polyester/spandex polyester lining machine wash, line dry imported
Our pull-on stretch pants feature topstitching around the pockets and a comfort waist for a fit that's great for casual, everyday wear. comfort waist 31 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex washable  imported
Keep your body supported all night long with the comfort of this slumber pad that cushions your body in softness.   convenient support plush foam pad for durable support adjustable strap for travel measures 35x3x75 PVC/polyester. Spot clean only. Imported.  
Keep your coffee and tea packs close at hand with the Keurig K2.0 carousel. It's designed to fit any K-Cup or K-Carafe pack.   stores up to 24 portion packs each slot can accommodate any K-Cup or K-Carafe pack spins effortlessly for easy access sleek chrome finish will look great on any countertop Metal. Measures 13.63x10.43x13.45H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.    
Alluring and delicate, this blue sapphire bracelet is crafted in brightly polished 14K yellow gold over sterling silver.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold over sterling silver Stones: Lab-created blue sapphire, 6x4mm Closure: Box with figure 8 safety clasp Length: 7½ Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Turn heads when you walk in the room wearing our 3/4-sleeve lace jacket dress by R&M Richards, which is elegant, timeless and striking. includes 3/4-sleeve jacket and dress jacket: 30¼ length dress: 51¼ length from shoulder back zip polyester lining nylon/polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Made in Germany, the Rowenta Pro Master DW8080 iron is a real professional tool in your hand. With 1700 watts of power, it provides superior steam performance and results thanks to a powerful shot of steam that is pushed with high pressure into the fabrics creasing out wrinkles even on the thickest garments. The new Microsteam stainless soleplate with precision tip and 400 steam holes provides excellent glide, scratch resistance and optimal steam diffusion. comfort-grip handle is ergonomically designed 7-foot cord with 360-degree pivot extra-large 12.7-oz. water tank 3-way auto shutoff after 8 minutes if left vertical, after 30 seconds if left horizontal or tipped over professional-grade 1700-watt steam iron variable steam, burst of steam, vertical steam, and cool mist spray options anti drip system helps prevent spitting and leaking when the thermostat is on a low setting self-clean system flushes out loose mineral deposits ensuring optimal performance highly polished stainless-steel soleplate with high-precision tip full metal shield patented Microsteam soleplate has 400 microholes for perfect steam distribution extra-long burst of steam for efficient ironing; variable steam adjusts for different fabrics new sharper precision tip reaches difficult areas like collars, seams and around buttons vertical steam removes wrinkles from hanging garments and drapes built-in Anti-Calc system removes impurities, ensuring long-lasting, clean steam made in Germany
The easy comfort of this Zoo York tee gives you an unmistakable east coast look. tagless crewneck polyester/cotton/rayon washable made in America
Savor the easy style of our spaghetti-strap dress, designed with soft flowing fabric and a beautifully embellished embroidered neck. highneck sleeveless back keyhole with button high-low hem; 40-51 length lined polyester washable imported
This soft pocket tee gives your looks standup color, whether you’re matching with a pair of patterned shorts or layering under a woven shirt. crewneck short sleeves left chest pocket dark heather gray and light heather orange: 100% cotton all other colors: cotton/polyester washable imported
This sleek metal wok from Aroma is designed to heat up quickly and retain its extreme heat as you cook, sealing in the flavor of your foods for professional results every time. Not just for stir-fry, it's also great for braising, steaming and tempura. rapid heat-up with consistent heat retention full-range temperature control gives great versatility durable nonstick coating means cleanups are easy cool-touch base and handles large 6½-quart capacity with high domed lid AC. Metal. Measures 18.62x14.37x10.24H. Hand wash. Imported.
This easy-to-use, efficient ironing board installs between the framing studs in your wall so your ironing board stays out of sight, but close at hand.   cabinet features 2 shelves with space to tuck away starch, spray bottles and still-warm irons hook on cabinet door to hang ironed clothing ironing board includes cover and rotates 180° for comfortable, easy use board height is also adjustable so everyone in your home can use it light kit and replacement cover sold separately Wood. In-wall cabinet measures 15¾x47¾H; board measures 15¾x41L. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Packed with unexpected fun, our City Streets dolman t-shirt has a vibrant racerback cut that has the look of two shirts in one. roundneck racerback cutout cap-sleeve approx. 27 length rayon/polyester mesh: nylon/spandex washable imported
Getting his tie to fit just right will be a breeze with our Peanuts zipper tie.  pre-tied 2½ wide; 14 long polyester spot clean imported
When the going gets tough, these boots get going. Featuring a waterproof, breathable design and comfort-minded features, they’re perfect for the hard-working man. technology iCS technology lets you adjust the comfort level to fit your needs YKK® nylon side zipper construction leather/nylon upper breathable mesh lining rubber sole details lace up
Whether you're warming up for the game or chilling out on the couch, these Nike basketball pants promise epic comfort.   elastic waist with drawstring side seam, mesh-lined pockets mesh leg inserts with colored taping embroidered swoosh on left leg open bottom polyester washable imported
Protect yourself from the elements in these Bulwark® fire-resistant, water-repellent loose fit unlined coveralls with adjustable elasticized shoulder straps for comfort. flame resistant water repellent loose fit to wear over pants adjustable elasticized shoulder straps non-conductive, heavy-duty release strap buckles two set-in swing pockets, watch pocket, two hip pockets hammer loop and two tool pockets reinforced double knees cotton/nylon washable imported
With 3M Scotchgard treatment to help wash out stubborn stains, these Peak Performance micro-fleece sheets are a step up from any other fleece sheets. ultra-soft micro fleece is designed not to lint, pill or shed for longer lasting quality 3M Scotchgard treatment has a stain release effect to help wash out stubborn stains and lasts wash after wash fits mattresses up to 16 deep polyester washable imported Twin sets include one standard pillowcase. Full and queen sets include two standard pillowcases. King sets include two king pillowcases.
Emerging Spring rug offers a pattern of florals and colors for an interesting space.   heat set for long-lasting colors plush fiber for luxuriously soft feel skid-resistant latex backing Polyacrylic. 9.5mm pile height. Professionally clean. Rug pad recommended. Imported.
Amp up your look with our cropped moto vest, featuring must-have metal snap and zipper details and a relaxed, enzyme-washed finish. asymmetrical zip closure side pockets linen/viscose polyester pongee lining washable imported
The Converse All Star is the shoe that revolutionized the game of basketball and later became a worldwide favorite known as the Chuck Taylor. A true American icon, the classic design hasn't changed since Chuck wore them himself. leather upper bears the original Chuck Taylor Patch logo rubber toe bumper and arch grommets durable rubber sole for enhanced traction and control foam package for extra comfort easy slip on and off gum outsole detail
Carry what you need for the day in style with this classic tote bag.     double handles, 9.5 drop magnetic snap closure polyvinyl chloride interior hanging zip pocket 12.4Hx18Wx6.8 D imported
When the Frozen winters finally thaw, get out these rain boots to go splashing in the puddles. 3D flower on each side polyester lining padded sole handles for easy slip on screen-print applique artwork coordinates with raincoat and umbrella collection rubber uppers and soles ¼ heel height
Bring fresh springtime style to your casual outfits with this striking floral scarf.   40x72+ 1/2 fringe polyester hand wash cold imported
Inspired by current tour looks, our PGA TOUR cargo shorts look the part and deliver on performance with moisture-wicking fabric and sun protection—making them a perfect fit for the golf course. moisture-wicking fabric SunFlux UPF protection button fly 2 side and 2 back pockets 2 cargo pockets 10 inseam polyester washable imported
Get into the swing of things with our well-apportioned, pyramid-shaped shoulder bag, whose plentiful exterior pockets will keep your keys, sunglasses, lipstick or ID conveniently accessible, so you don't have to dig for them. top handle, 9⅓” drop top zipper closure synthetic; polyester lining silver-tone metal hardware and logo plate poppy print texture 2 exterior slide pockets interior zipper pocket and 3 slip pockets 8½Hx 13½Wx3¾D imported
Tap into your western style with our low-heel booties, with a glitter pattern that will shine.  synthetic upper 1.5 heel glitter design rubber sole
The multi-talented multi-cooker and stir tower bundle creates the ultimate all-in-one cooking system that lets you make everyday dishes, one-pot wonders or gourmet masterpieces with consistent results every time. provides the ultimate in versatility for cooks of all levels by offering exceptional control and consistent results with every dish over 10 settings: risotto, rice, sear, sauté, simmer, soup, yogurt, boil/steam, slow cook high and low, keep warm guided digital display guides you through simple step-by-step instructions and displays temperature and timer for up to 12 hours of cooking designed to mix, flip, stir, scrape and incorporate ingredients, the stir tower accessory does the work for you 4-quart cooking vessel with pouring spout features exclusive CeramaShield™ coating which is nonstick, scratch resistant and PTFE/PFOA free cook methods can be programmed for up to 12 hours of cooking 24-hour keep-warm setting clear glass lid allows for easy pouring and straining includes dual-purpose steam basket and roasting rack, silicone flip and stir paddle, and silicone flex edge blade Metal/glass/silicone. Multi-cooker measures 14.8x12.2x11.9H; stir tower measures 22.75x8.27x11.89H. Pot, lid, paddle and stir blade are dishwasher safe; wipe housing clean. Imported. 
This zip-around wallet has a wristlet strap for easy carrying so you can leave your purse behind. wristlet strap, 5¼ drop all-around zip closure synthetic; microfiber lining exterior slip pocket and zip pocket 3 interior compartments, zip pocket, ID window, 12 credit card slots and 2 slip pockets 4⅓Hx7¾Wx1D imported
Cool, breathable cotton nursing bra with wire-free comfort.  pull-down panel reveals print to visually stimulate baby while nursingwide cushion straps for non-stretch supportdouble lined cups for extra absorptioncotton/spandex back cotton lining hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #6401
This exquisite ensemble features an oversized floral design in sharp shades of gray, aqua and white, adding colorful charisma and easy elegance to your bedroom. embroidery accents on floral motifs shams and Euro shams feature piping details solid aqua on back 10-piece set includes: comforter 2 shams 2 Euro shams bedskirt with 15 drop 4 decorative pillows Coordinating accessories sold separately. Euro shams require a 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Full and Queen sets include standard shams. King and Cal. King set include king shams. Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams and Euro shams; polyester bedskirt with olefin platform. Dry clean comforter; shams, Euro shams and bedskirt are washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Full: comforter is 78x88; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 54x75; Euro shams are 26x26; decorative pillows are 16x16, 18x18, 23x14 and 18x12 Queen: comforter is 90x92; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 60x80; Euro shams are 26x26; decorative pillows are 16x16, 18x18, 23x14 and 18x12 King: comforter is 104x92; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 78x80; Euro shams are 26x26; decorative pillows are 16x16, 18x18, 23x14 and 18x12 Cal. King: comforter is 98x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 72x84; Euro shams are 26x26; decorative pillows are 16x16, 18x18, 23x14 and 18x12
Dress it down with jeans or up with a skirt—either way our windowpane sweater jacket is a sweet layer you shouldn't be without. hook-and-eye closure approx. 23 - 24½ length cotton/polyester/other fibers machine wash, dry flat imported
Keep things casual and cool in our Daiquiri thong sandals. synthetic upper rubber sole  
This easy-care long-sleeve dress shirt travels well and looks great on arrival. easy care performance specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering modified spread collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked shirt: cotton/polyester broadcloth
The checkered design and bright colors of these dish towels and dishcloths go hand-in-hand with an inviting kitchen atmosphere.   easy-care cotton fabric each tied with a ribbon includes 4 dish towels and 4 dishcloths Cotton. Each dish towel measures 18x18; each dishcloth measures 12x12. Washable. Imported.
Celebrate a parade of pear-shaped blue topaz and round white sapphires positioned beautifully in this lovely line bracelet.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Genuine blue topaz, 7x5mm, 6x4mm Other Stones: Lab-created white sapphires Closure: Box clasp Length: 7½ Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detai  
Up on the trail or out on the town, our hiking shorts adapt to your adventures with specially designed pockets that lay flat when you don’t need them.   half-elastic waist zip front with button closure 2 front slash pockets 2 front lay-flat cargo pockets with self-adhesive closure 2 back lay-flat cargo pockets with self-adhesive closure 7” inseam cotton washable imported
With a comfortable and athletic design, our training shoes from New Balance offer superior support and ultimate cushioning. technology CUSHNB midsole provides superior cushioning construction breathable synthetic/polyester upper rubber sole details lace up heel pillow insert offers comfort walking strike path for improved walking gait flex grooves provide improved flexibility
Glamorise's best-selling full-figure body briefer boasts allover shaping, defining the waist and flattening the tummy. wirefree foam band with cross under-and-over design for better lift, separation and firm support extra-wide foam rubber shoulder straps and cushioned under-bust band adjustable double row of hook-and-eye panty closures provides ease, convenience and fit flexibility nylon/spandex/polyester/cotton machine wash, line dry imported of domestic fabric manufacturer's style #6201
Don't worry about having to replace any bags on this vacuum. The Dirt Devil Vigor cyclonic pet bagless upright vacuum features a bottom-emptying dirt cup for effortless cleanout, and its five-position height adjustment makes it easy to move from room to room, cleaning all flooring types.   includes pet-friendly, on-board tools that help gather pet hair on upholstery and stairs single-stage cyclonic technology provides an added level of dirt separation features a multilevel height adjustment to clean all floor types a bottom-emptying dirt cup makes it easy to dump and clean collected dirt and hair a carbon filter helps eliminate pet odors HEPA filter 14-inch cleaning path features a long, 25-foot power cord and premium stretch hose Heavy-duty ABS plastic. Measures 14x13x43½H. Imported.  
This colorful interactive wooden maze cube features five sides of fun. Each side gives your young one a different activity to help them develop their color recognition, shape recognition and hand-eye coordination. 4-pc. set ages 1+ 10.7x10.5x18.5 assembly required no batteries required wood imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
He'll let his game—and this lightweight tee—do all the talking as he blows past his competition. moisture wicking crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
Our adorable Arizona plaid cargo pants give your little guy a great look but he's going to be most concerned with how many toys he can carry in all those pockets.   adjustable elastic waistband flat front 6-pockets, 2 front, 2 back welt, 2 cargo relaxed fit 100% cotton washable imported
Nike Legend Dri-FIT Cotton skinny training pants are ultra-soft, with a fit that will skim your body from the hip to the knee, while a slight flare at the hem will visually elongate your legs. Dri-FIT fabric helps keep you dry and comfortable elastic waistband tilts up in back for a natural fit and coverage lined gusset allows a full range of motion skinny fit skims the body from the hip to the knee 27½ inseam plated jersey cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Look polished day and night with our classic pumps and their fabulous stiletto heels. leather upper 4 heel buckle-accented straps round toe rubber sole
Poolside fashion will be twirl-worthy in this adorable ombré swimsuit with an attached tutu. nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Perfect for everything from heating tortillas to making pancakes and eggs, this comal pan and tortilla press put a stylish spin on a traditional Latin cookware item.   flat pan surface provides fast and even heating 8 tortilla press lets you make tortillas at home Aluminum. Hand wash. Imported.
Our zip jacket will pull together your polished style and help you exude confidence. long sleeves 21 length lined polyester washable imported
A charming decorative accent piece in any room, this figurine features a proud rooster strutting his stuff amongst the foliage.   durable earthenware construction hand-painted design Earthenware. Measures 17½x10¼x19H. Hand wash. Imported.
With a gathered-neck and floral print, our sleeveless chiffon maxi dress is the perfect feminine pick for warm-weather style. scoopneck sleeveless back zipper 55½ length from shoulder lined chiffon polyester hand wash, line dry imported
A relaxed fit and flat-front style make our comfy cotton cargo shorts the right choice.  zipper closure 6 pockets relaxed fit 100% cotton washable imported
Cuddle up in the plush softness of our draped vest with sherpa pile on the front and sweater knit in back. front panel: polyester sherpa fleece back panel: acrylic sweater knit machine wash, dry flat imported misses: approx. 21¼ - 23¼ back length petite: approx. 19¾ - 22¼ back length
A little lace goes a long way in our Arizona lace shoulder tunic with both a sporty attitude and a feminine touch. scoopneck 3/4 sleeves lace yoke back high-low hem             approx. 28 length body: rayon/spandex contrast: polyester/spandex washable imported
Our sleeveless jewel neck fit-and-flare dress features a pretty print fabric and a figure-friendly cut to make it a versatile favorite. _    jewel-neck_    sleeveless_    zipper closure_    34 7/8 length from shoulder_    polyester/spandex_    bodice: polyester lining_    hand wash, line dry_    imported  
Whether you’re having a nighttime cup of tea or serving your guests, you are sure you liven up tea time with this teapot set designed with a standout hue.   perfect for entertaining or everyday occasions solid design compliments other dinnerware timeless shape and bold hue create a table setting that’s tasteful and colorful microwave safe 3-piece set includes: 28-ounce teapot 12-ounce creamer 12-ounce sugar Ceramic. Creamer and sugar each measure 4H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
What it is: A limited-edition blush duo in one compact for endless cheek looks. What it does: These golden pairs of Dual-Intensity Blush create a wash of cheek color for summer look. These dual-intensity, silky, wet or dry blushes are uniquely formulated with NARS’ exclusive Translucent Prismatic Technology, which allows for multidimensional effects. With a lightweight texture for a flawless finish and true color application, each duo features two ultra-modern shades that can be worn alone or layered together for limitless looks. Apply the shades wet to achieve a high-impact flush or dry to achieve a natural-looking glow. What else you need to know: François Nars’ love of the lens meets the glamorous glare of the French Riviera. Inspired by the sensational whirl of an editorial photo shoot, each lush vignette captures the wit and wonder of his behind-the-scenes world. Original illustrations by contemporary artist Konstantin Kakanias bring each moment to life on covetable, limited-edition packaging.Suggested Usage: -Apply dry for a silky transparent veil of color. -Apply wet with a dampened brush for a high-impact second-skin glow that instantly blends into skin. -Blend both shades together for a multidimensional glow.Size:0.22 oz
These classic riding boots feature a chunky heel and slouchy faux-leather look for a little edge and a lot of style. synthetic upper 2½ chunky heel 13 shaft height 14½ shaft circumference slip-resistant decorative buckles rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
You're one step closer to the shore with this soft and absorbent La Mer bath towel .   embroidered seashells on a white background terrycloth fabric with a woven border measures 27x50   Cotton. Washable. Imported.
This versatile, extended use car seat keeps baby comfy and safe from 5 to 100 pounds with innovative technology that transitions from one stage to another with your little one. 5-point QuickFit™ harness system with up-front adjustment 3-position recline that adjusts with one hand removable head support rotating arm rests removable cup holder rear-facing 5-35lbs. forward-facing 22-50 lbs. booster mode 40-100 lbs. 19-52 recommended height 22¼ x20x25H assembled plastic/fabric/metal wipe clean imported meets CPSIA/CPSC requirements  
Comfortable cotton and a relaxed fit make our flat-front shorts a cool, casual choice.  button and zip fly 2 side and 2 back pockets flat front relaxed fit 100% cotton washable imported
Stafford feather edge split belt works great with your business casual and off the clock wardrobe.   leather 1 2/5 wide brushed nickel finish buckle stained edges English tip For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Create the perfect personalized gift for mom with up to 4 names and 4 cubic zirconia birthstones on this pendant necklace.Metals: 24K rose gold over silver, 24K yellow gold over silver, sterling silver, 10K white or yellow gold; 14K white, yellow or rose goldStones: Cubic zirconiaClosure: Spring-ringDimension: 18 long rope chainPersonalization: Up to 4 names and 4 choices of cubic zirconia birthstones.   Choose up to four birthstones. Use letter key below to represent each month. Selection must be made using capitalized letters: A=JanuaryB=FebruaryC=MarchD=AprilE=MayF=JuneG=JulyH=AugustI=SeptemberJ=OctoberK=NovemberL=December Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Spread some Christmas cheer in the chuckle-worthy look of our holiday sweater. approx. 23½ - 25½ length meowy black, fleece green: acrylic/other fibers reindeer blue: acrylic washable imported
Our flat-front trainer shorts are made from moisture-wicking fabric to keep you cool and dry.  drawstring waist flat front 1 side zipper pocket relaxed fit polyester washable imported
Take command in our long-sleeve piped peplum jacket, made to move with you. cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Tackle plummeting temperatures with our richly ribbed, half-cardigan scoopneck sweater. crema and gray metallic: cotton/acrylic/other fibers smoked heather: cotton/nylon/viscose machine wash, dry flat imported plus: approx. 26½ - 27¾ back length extended plus: approx. 28 - 28¼ back length
Our skinny jeans feature a comfortable cropped design that's a perfect fit for your casual style.   5-pocket style cotton/spandex washable imported tall: 28½ inseam misses: 26 inseam petite: 24 inseam
For a sophisticated, cool finish, our modern sheath dress structured scuba knit fabric with a feminine lace-appliqué. lace appliqué 38 length from shoulder polyester/spandex scuba knit nylon lace hand wash, line dry imported
A bold graphic and signature logo make this soft graphic tee perfect for all-star style. crewneck long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
This latest version of the popular women's ASICS® Gel-Contend running shoe provides exceptional cushioning and fit for a more comfortable running experience. technology Rearfoot Gel Cushioning System reduces shock during impact construction nylon mesh upper with reinforced overlays for support and breathability Asics' High Abrasion Rubber sole for durability details ideal for entry level or low-mileage runners removable sock liner
This product will be available for all clients online on February 29 and in stores on March 14. What it is: A moisturizing lip balm in an array of sheer color shades. What it does: Save lips from the signs of aging while delivering intense hydration and soft, subtle color. This tinted lip balm is infused with an antioxidant and vitamin-rich lip quencher that’s powered by a blend of essential extracts and oils to help restore the appearance of your lips’ softness, moisture, and elasticity that’s reduced over time while providing a protective antioxidant barrier against daily aggressors. The tinted, everyday formula gently melts into skin to smooth over the look of lip lines, leaving a radiant, dewy finish. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Phthalates What else you need to know: This product is vegan friendly and dermatologist tested.Suggested Usage: -Apply daily for a hint of color and to moisturize lips. -It can also be applied after your favorite lipstick for enhanced softness and a radiant, dewy lip look.Size:0.10 ozIngredients: -Rainforest of the Sea™ Complex: A proprietary blend of algae and marine flower extracts that helps reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while smoothing and softening skin. -Spilanthes Acmella Flower Extract: Helps promote skin firmness, smoothness, and elasticity. -Portulaca Pilosa Extract: Skin conditioner which helps minimize the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles. -Coconut Oil: Delivers intense moisture and is known for its antibacterial and conditioning properties. -Vitamin E: A natural preservative that also acts as an emollient and antioxidant. Polybutene, Simmondsia Chinesis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Punica Granatum Sterols, Diisostearyl Malate, Polyethylene, C12-15 Alkyl Lactate, Octyldodecanol, Isostearyl Hydroxystearate, Triisostearyl Citrate, Trimethylolpropane Triisostearate, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire De Candelilla, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Hydrogenated Polycyclopentadiene, Mentha Piperita (Peppermint) Oil, Phenoxyethanol, Tribehenin, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Sorbitan Isosterate, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Astrocaryum Murumuru Seed Butter, Theobroma Grandiflorum Seed Butter, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Butylene Glycol, Sodium Hyaluronate, Algae Extract, Limonene, Linalool, Gardenia Tahitensis Flower Extract, Tocopherol, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-1. (+/-): Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491).
Feminine and fun, this faux-skirtini swimdress will suit your style to a tee. tank straps built-in soft cups partially lined nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported
This glittery Doc McStuffins tee is just what the doctor ordered to amp up her casual style.   Disney Collection only at JCPenney cotton washable imported
Whether for lounging around the house or heading out for the day, our short-sleeve hockey tee is perfectly suited to your stylish wardrobe. crewneck front yoke sewn stripes on sleeves approx. 26¼-28¼ length polyester/rayon washable imported
Our Arizona v-neck tee is washed for extra softness, resulting in a colorful shirt that’s incredibly comfortable from the first wear. washed for softness v-neck tag-free neck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
A mix of textures and ribbed side panels will have you loving every moment you spend in our fabulous sweatshirt. approx. 23 - 25 length body: cotton/polyester/nylon/metallic sleeves: cotton ribbed sides: cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Head to the gym in style with our capris, featuring an elastic waist with colorblocking for a cool athletic look. elastic waist mid rise 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Ultra-soft construction lends daydream-worthy appeal to our short-sleeve top and shorts pajama set. includes short-sleeve top and shorts top: roundneck shorts: 4 long cotton/Modal®/spandex washable imported
Flattering front shirring and classic girl-leg styling give our 1-piece swimsuit perfect poolside polish. tummy control soft cups fully lined nylon/LYCRA® spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Turn any area into the most adorable place in the house with this precious window valance. 1½ rod pocket cartoon bird design easy-care fabric Sold individually. Measures 55x15L. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Lend beautiful, coordinated style to your everyday look with this three-piece simulated emerald jewelry set. Including earrings, pendant and a ring, this set is accented with lab-created white sapphiresMetal: Sterling silverStone: Simulated emeraldsOther Stones: Lab-created white sapphiresEarring Back: PostNecklace Dimensions: 18 long chainGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With a lightweight burnout fabric, our layered shirt has just the right blend of casual and pretty. crewneck 3/4 sleeves; slit at cuffs button closure foldover collar approx. 25-26½ length rayon/polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Outfit yourself for full contact comfort in these bold Champion lacrosse shorts with striped leg taping. regular fit sits at waist elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets 9 inseam polyester washable imported
Captivating Old World rugs feature a medallion and arabesque design in harmonious hues.   soft, plush fiber underfoot rich color combinations skid-resistant backing Powerloomed polyacrylic. Latex backing. 9.5mm pile height. Professionally clean. Rug pad recommended. Imported.
Features: Plays one of 18 Hi-Fi melodies on the hour, light sensor and volume control allows you to control the melodies Battery Operated: Yes, 3 AA batteries required Base Material: Dark brown wood Dimensions: 279.4x88.9x469.9mm
Ideal for both entertaining and everyday use, this satin-finished flatware set is defined by its beautiful simplicity. stainless steel service for 4 great housewarming gift 20-piece set includes: 4 salad forks 4 dinner forks 4 dinner knives 4 soup spoons 4 teaspoons Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Our fluid 3/4-sleeve tunic with smocking and shirring at the shoulders will add a soft touch to your wardrobe. Shown with cami (not included). smocking at shoulders v-neck solids: polyester crepe; machine wash, line dry prints: polyester georgette; machine wash, tumble dry imported misses: approx. 26¼ - 28¼ front length petite: approx. 25¼ - 27½ front length
From the sandy beach to dinner on the docks, our Portocruz tie-dye cover-up has enough style to take you anywhere you need to go in a cool and breezy fashion. scoopneck braided straps approx. 34.5 length polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Display your jewelry and accessories in an armoire worthy of all the glitz and glamour. A richly distressed antique white finish and a mirrored front make sure that this furniture piece gets noticed. Ample storage and luxe black velvet round out the interior. flip-out side doors with necklace hooks 5 drawers 21¼x16⅛x38½H fiberboard; lined in black velvet imported jewelry not included
What it is: A warm coral-pink powder that warms up your complexion.What it does: Take a tropical pleasure trip with CORALista. Sweep this warm coral pink powder onto cheeks anytime, anywhere. Move your brush to the beat & turn up the heat... bikini optional!Size:0.28 ozIngredients​Talc, Mica, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Polyethylene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Dimethicone, Zinc Stearate, Magnesium Myristate, Iron Oxides (Ci 77492), Phenoxyethanol, Boron Nitride, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Lecithin, Fragrance (Parfum), Red 7 Lake (Ci 15850), Aluminum Hydroxide (Ci 77002), Carmine (Ci 75470), Red 30 Lake (Ci 73360), Tocopheryl Acetate, Iron Oxides (Ci 77491), Manganese Violet (Ci 77742), Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Tocopherol, Bht, Retinyl Palmitate, Limonene, Ultramarines (Ci 77007). N° 3n5563.
Slip on our satin-and-lace chemise for luxe nighttime style. polyester washable imported
He'll look adorable in our comfy cotton plaid shorts, with a versatile look that will pair easily with a variety of tops.  elastic waist with drawstring 100% cotton washable imported
Our St. John's Bay gives you everything you love about your favorite t-shirts in a long sleeve version.   crewneck tagless long sleeves regular fit black burgundy, academy blue, white, light heather grey, easton brown: 100% cotton sailor blue, amazon, pink passion, berry burst: cotton/polyester washable imported
These Lee side-elastic twill pants offer unbelievable comfort and unforgettable style.   more comfort, more style easy-care, stain-release, and wrinkle-resistant double pleats side-elastic insets for all-day comfort front pockets sits at waist relaxed fit through hip and thigh tapered leg cotton/polyester/spandex washable USA or imported plus: 30 inseam plus petites: 27¾ inseam plus long: 33½ inseam  
Dazzle your way through the day with this richly colored pendant on a sterling silver necklace. Together with the matching ring, this set makes it easy to mix and match with your other accessories. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Cushion and round lab-created ruby and white sapphires Setting: Prong Necklace Closure: Spring-ring Necklace Length: 18 rope chain Gallery Height: 5mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Timeless polka dots and a flirty front keyhole give our sleeveless maxi dress the chic charm you adore. scoopneck sleeveless exposed back zipper 58 length from shoulder lined chiffon polyester machine wash, line dry imported
If you have to get out of bed, throw on our soft tee for a comfy casual look.  crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
This vanity stool will enhance the comfort and style of your bath or bedroom.   antique beige-finished steel frame for a rich traditional look intricate filigree base microsuede-cushioned seat Metal/foam/polyester. Measures 16 diameter x 19H. Assembly required. Imported.
The NuWave Precision Induction Cooktop offers precise temperature control, adjustable in 10º increments. With a minimum setting of 100ºF and an upper limit of 575ºF (sear), this cooktop offers a wider temperature range than competitor models. This permits the appliance to act as more than just a cooktop—use it as a banquet/catering warming station among other functions.   6 different pre-programmed temperature settings for convenience safety features such as automatic shutoff 52 different temperature settings for precise temperature control uses up to 70% less energy lightweight and portable 1300 watts can change from ºF to ºC with the press of a button 10º increment temperature control 6½ heating coil 12 heat-resistant glass cooking surface 100-hour maximum programmable time delay and sear function includes 9 hard-anodized fry pan, quick and easy guide, complete cookbook and instructional DVD Metal/plastic with aluminum fry pan. Measures 14.4x15.7x3.41H. Wipe clean; hand wash fry pan. Imported.  
Featuring lace detail at the sides and slight shirring at the waist, our Love by Design short is the perfect addition to your warm-weather wardrobe. relaxed fit elastic waist 100% rayon washable imported
Accent your windows in style with these clip rings that make hanging curtains simple. simple to use—just clip onto a window treatment set of 7 Each clip ring has inside diameter of ½. Curtain rod sold separately. Steel. Imported. 
While on the job, these Red Kap easy-fit, elastic-insert work pants let you sit, move and stretch for all-day comfort.   7.5 oz. twill durable press easy fit heavy-duty brass ratcheting zipper, button closure 2 slack-style front pockets 2 set-in hip pockets, left has button closure  self-fabric waistband, side elastic waist inserts soft hand twill polyester/cotton twill washable imported of domestic fabric
Snuggle up with this super-soft and warm thermal cotton blanket that coordinates easily in any room. hemmed edges mid warmth 100% woven cotton washable twin blanket: 66x90 full/queen blanket: 90x90 king blanket: 108x90 imported
These Courtyard Scrolls indoor/outdoor rugs display a stylish and intricate overlaid scroll design in a durable weave, perfect for dressing up high-traffic areas.   specially developed weave for intricate design details easy to clean—just sweep, vacuum or rinse with a garden hose extra-durable fibers for years of enjoyment for indoor or outdoor use Machine-woven polypropylene. Rinse off with water. Pile height with backing is ¼. Imported.
Elsa and Anna bring irresistible charm and girly style to bedtime with this cap-sleeve top and shorts pajama set. includes cap-sleeve top and shorts top: Elsa and Anna graphic, peplum detail shorts: allover print, elastic waist, double-ruffle trim polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
With cotton comfort and spandex for stretch so the shirt moves with you, this woven shirt makes perfect sense for any casual day. point collar button front cotton/spandex washable imported
Greet the outdoors in comfortable style with these athletic slip-on shoes that boast a cute camo print. technology compression molded EVA sole nylex lining helps keep moisture away construction breathable mesh/cotton upper rubber sole details slip on camo mesh print neoprene offers an easy fit fully padded memory foam cushion 
Every wardrobe ought to have a versatile go-anywhere pair of suit pants, like this wool gabardine version from Stafford.   french fly front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets polyester lining to the knees wool acetate dry clean only imported
Our flattering fit-and-flare dress brings a vibrant attitude with a plucky dot print and a splash of color at the waist.   bateauxneck sleeveless approx. 37½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Tee up in our ombre polo, featuring moisture-absorbing PGA TOUR Dry technology and bottom side vents to keep you cool and dry while you play. spread/ribbed collar half-placket button front PGA TOUR Dry technology for moisture absorption SunFlux 50 technology protects your skin from UV rays MotionFlux technology are innovative seams that define range of motion bottom side vents polyester washable imported
Designed for quick and easy cleanup anytime, anywhere, this portable spot cleaner features a motorized brush for a deep-down clean.   10-amp motor has twice the suction of most other portable spot cleaners carpet-friendly wheel and retractable handle make it easy to maneuver slim design fits easily on stairs removable, clear water tanks 64-ounce return tank capacity flexible 5.5' hose with compact storage 15' cord with no-tangle cord wrap Plastic/metal. Measures 45.6x16x10.9H. Empty tanks after use and rinse with water. Imported.
With easy comfort and a no-slip bottom, these flip flops from Arizona bring you a great relaxed look.   polyester-coated TPR sole cotton canvas top imported
Stay cute and cozy everywhere you go in our easy-to-layer crewneck T-shirt. Climatesmart technology wicks moisture away from the skin, making it the optimal choice for less than optimal weather. polyester washable imported
Take your fashion-forward look even further with our exciting zip-front and zip-sleeve jacket. roundneck long sleeves with zippers zipper front front pockets polyester washable imported
Designed for superior sweat absorption that becomes slip resistant when wet, this durable mat towel helps anyone's yoga journey.   soft, durable microfiber slip-resistant surface pre-shrunk to handle countless washings Mcrifiber. MEasures 24x68L. Machine washable. Imported.
Our Terra Tek trail shirt is perfect for a day outdoors with a moisture-wicking, UV protecting fabric. UPF 30 protection quick-dri moisture-wicking fabric transports perspiration away from the skin to the surface of the fabric where it evaporates and leaves you cool and dry lightweight, comfortable fabric interior mesh yoke for added comfort exterior bungee cord locker loop for convenience extra button sewn inside durable double-needle seams front and back yoke curved shirttail hem is slightly longer in the back two chest flap pockets with buttons for security classic fit point collar; button front short sleeves nylon/polyester washable imported
Just get it done next time you work out in our moisture-wicking tee. Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Our contemporary-design desk has a functional L shape for composing multiple tasks on one spacious surface. wood and metal construction modern espresso finish complements any room metal black accents convenient raised monitor shelf and pull out keyboard tray 70.63Wx54.75Dx36.63H assembly required; Allen wrench needed wipe clean imported
Our Realtree short-sleeve polo is a great addition to an outdoor, casual look. 3-button placket short sleeves polyester washable imported
Soothe your baby and accomplish your to-do list at the same time with this elite gliding swing. It features 6 swing speeds, 2-vibration speeds, doubles as a bouncer and is designed to easily move around the house. seat doubles as a bouncer 2 vibration speeds 6 gliding speeds uses 40% less space than other swings 28x24.5x36H for children 5.5-30 lbs. some assembly required, instructions included plastic wipe clean imported meets JPMA/CPSIA/CPSC/CARB requirements
Serve different kinds of hors d’oeuvres, snacks, veggies and more with this three-section serving tray featuring a warm tan palette artfully surrounded by a geometric tile pattern in coordinating colors.   durable stoneware construction reactive glazed finish perfect for entertaining and everyday dining use multiple serving trays to create a mini salad bar microwave safe Stoneware. Measures 15¼x5H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Making traditional spritz cookies has never been so easy. Wilton's Cookie Pro Ultra II cookie press is designed to be the easiest to fill, most comfortable press you've ever used. With 16 terrific shapes to choose from, including 4 fun mini cookie designs, your cookie baskets will be more festive than ever. nonslip bottom ring keeps press from sliding on cookie sheet so it's easier to make perfectly shaped cookies clear barrel lets you keep track of how much dough you have left so you'll never be disappointed with a half-formed cookie ergonomic, soft-grip trigger means a day full of cookie baking won't leave your hands hurting easy enough to handle that the kids can help Includes: cookie press 16 discs to make a variety of cookies instructions recipe book Polypropylene. Cookie press measures 5.49x2.46x8.7H. Hand wash. Imported.  
Kick back all season in these ballet flats that boast a style that’s always in fashion.   technology Stitch ’N Turn technology memory foam footbed Diamond Flex sole twists and turns to take pressure off the foot   construction canvas upper sueded sock rubber sole   details ½ heel height faux-leather edging rope-style espadrilles slip on
You won't mind taking the heat in our ultra-warm faux-shearling jacket that features an attached hood and faux-fur lining.   button front slash pockets polyester dry clean only imported
Slide into the cool, comfortable style of these versatile sandals, boasting crisscross straps and a cork wedge sole. faux leather upper 1½ heel padded footbed treaded synthetic sole
Accessorize in a hurry with this coordinating gold-tone earring and four-row curb chain necklace set.Metal: Gold-tone metalNecklace Closure: Lobster claspNecklace Dimensions: 16 long curb chain with 3 extenderEarring Back: PostEarring Dimensions: .8 longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring a beautiful, understated sleigh silhouette, this 4-in-1 crib delivers functionality and durability for years to come. Made of solid hardwood, this multi-positional crib easily adapts to a cozy toddler bed, daybed and full-size bed. Toddler guardrail and crib conversion sold separately. 54½x42¼x34¼H assembly required for babies up to 50 lbs. wood wipe clean with mild soap and water imported meets CPSIA/CPSC requirements and all JPMA safety certifications
Finish off your look with this fun bangle bracelet set. This set includes three silver-tone bangles with multicolor beads and flower charms.  Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Multicolor beadsDimensions: 64mm wide Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Take it easy with these adorable wedge sandals you can take from the beach to the boardwalk. synthetic upper 3½ wedge heel slip on open toe synthetic sole
Featuring classic button tufting and brown bonded leather, this headboard is a handsome centerpiece in any bedroom.   sturdy wood frame filled with upholstery foam metal support legs adjustable height can be used as a Full or Queen headboard Upholstery is bonded leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 62Wx4Dx50H. Assembly required. Imported.
Complete the three-piece look with this handsome wool gabardine suit vest. wrinkle resistant big and tall fit adjustable back buckle 5-button front shell: wool lining: acetate dry clean only imported  
Draw double takes in our standout peasant blouse featuring a vibrant print. Shown with cami (not included). scoopneck 3/4 length sleeves  tie front strings at neckline polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Flexible, comfortable and ready for adventure, our Realtree river sandals are an outdoorsy girls go-to pair on sunny days. canvas/cotton/polyester hook-and-loop closure rugged rubber sole  
Arizona slim-fit straight-leg jeans define the cool and casual look.   sits below waist slim fit through seat and thigh straight leg 5-pocket style cotton washable imported extended sizes and washes available online only
With its ultra-comfortable BounceComfort technology and a plush chenille design that fits any style, this bath mat set offers comfort and support for your feet. BounceComfort memory foam technology cushions your feet with exceptional softness and support stain-resistant microfiber surface is easy to clean reinforced trim helps maintain shape and stability polyester with latex backing washable imported 2-piece set includes: 34x20 rug 24x17 rug
Shirting fabric lends some structure to your casual style with these crisp cotton shorts from IZOD. belt not included regular fit zip fly with button closure front on-seam pockets back button-through welt pockets flat front cotton washable imported
Our versatile, sleeveless shift dress is the perfect pick for your professional wardrobe. roundneck sleeveless 38½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
GoldToe® extended-size turn-cuff crew socks for that classic style that offers comfort and support.   package of 6  reinforced toe reciprocated heel extended sizes only available in all white package acrylic/cotton/polyester/spandex/nylon washable imported
Go the distance in our zoned cushioned quarter socks, featuring compression for extra arch support and Quick Dri® Fabric to help wick moisture away from skin. package of 6 pairs zone cushioning for sole and heel mesh for breathability cotton/polyester/nylon/lycra washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
The mini-check pattern of our woven shirt lets you wear it casually or dress it up for a great office look.  button-down collar button front long sleeves left chest pocket side slits 100% cotton washable imported
Showcase your passion for street fashion with these strappy sandals. synthetic upper fashionable ankle cuff rubber sole
It's a winning slim fit when you slip on these brilliantly styled, secretly slender pants.   zip closure flat front 2 front and 2 back pockets polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 32 inseam misses short: 30 inseam misses long: 34 inseam
Cushioned for comfort and durability, these Puma socks give you the all-day coverage you need. full cushioning around entire foot for all-day comfort wicking helps keep feet cool and dry polyester/cotton/spandex washable sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12 imported 6 in a pack
Perfect for lounging and winding down, your boy will love our Jellifish  pajama shorts. package of 2 shorts elastic waist polyester washable imported
The v-neck and belt provide pleasant detail on our dress, while the asymmetrical hem adds a little flash. v-neck sleeveless self belt 40 high, 46½ low length from shoulder fully lined polyester washable imported
She'll love our comfy cotton tee featuring a cute graphic print of Disney's Finding Dory. short sleeves screen print 100% cotton washable imported
Combining the practicality of a full-size blender with the convenience of a single-serve, the Hamilton Beach Stay or Go blender fits your busy lifestyle. It can easily make smoothies or shakes and can also puree sauces or grind hard cheeses. 32-ounce jar is large enough to serve the family two 16-ounce travel cups with drinking lids are just the right size for smoothies on the go 8-ounce cup can be used for chopping or finely grinding and with the included shaker lid you can bring it to the table for serving all included containers are made of shatterproof Tritan® that is crystal clear, lightweight and BPA free add ingredients while blending using the removable filler cap on the 32-ounce jar use the pulse button for greater control Includes: one 32-ounce jar with lid one 8-ounce grinding cup with shaker lid two 16-ounce travel cups with drinking lids 650 watts. Plastic/metal. Measures 6.94x9.52x15H. Removable parts are dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Featuring a beautiful traditional design, these premier rugs bring a room to life.   delicate center trellis design framed with a traditional floral border heat-set construction for long-lasting colors printed in America highly durable nylon slip-resistant embossed latex back 3/8 pile height Stain Resistant: Yes  Fade Resistant: Yes  Slip Resistant: Yes  Rug Backing: Latex  Fire Retardant: Yes  Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces.  Use: Indoor  Care Instructions: Washable  Origin: Made in America
The chic colorblock design and flattering fit make our sleeveless fit-and-flare dress the perfect pick. scoopneck sleeveless exposed back zip 35¾ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Build your seasonal wardrobe with the goes-with-everything style of our piped ponte pants—the perfect addition to your repertoire. elastic waistband faux-leather piped detail 31 inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Don't chance it. Wear a 6-oz. deluxe coverall and protect yourself from potential on-the-job fire or chemical mishaps. flame-resistant fabric combination of comfortable cotton and durable nylon for long-lasting protection 1-piece, topstitched, lay-flat collar 2-way concealed taped brass breakaway zipper concealed snap-on cuff 2 angled chest pockets with concealed flap zipper closures deep pleated action back hazard risk category 2 protection cotton/nylon washable imported of domestic goods more sizes: regular, tall, big, big tall NOTE: When washing, use soft water. Avoid starches and fabric softeners. Do not use chlorine bleach.
In an allover jacquard front and a soft microfiber back, this Euro sham invites you to curl up and relax in style. Pair it with the Savoy comforter set for a complete look. 1½ and ¾ faux-silk flanges 26x26 sold individually polyester washable imported Requires a 26x26 square pillow form, sold separately.
Our adorable Okie Dokie girls' sandals instantly become her favorite with both a bow and glitter glamour, two irresistible qualities for your little one.   synthetic upper bow and sparkle detail rubber sole
Bold style and extreme sophistication meet in this men's Armitron® watch. Eye-catching crystals accents the handsome degrade gray dial.   Brand: Armitron® Dial Color: Degrade gray Accents: Crystals Bracelet: Silver-tone stainless steel Closure: Fold-over clasp Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: up to 165 feet Case Dimensions: 1.28x.45 Bracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long, .87 wide Model No.: 20/4507DGSV Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Popularize the preppy look in our v-neck, button front cardigan—with two front pockets and a desirable loose fit. approx. 24¾ - 27½ length 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
This comforter set features a sharp new take on classic plaid for a stylish overhaul to your bedroom. updated plaid print in shades of blue and white solid blue on back decorative pillows featuring geometric print and button tufting to accent the look 4-piece Twin/Twin XL sets include: comforter sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen sets include: comforter 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: comforter is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12 Full/Queen: comforter is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12
Tribal-print embroidery adds interest to this pleated tank top. scoopneck 26½ length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Featuring a glam necklace detail and a back tie, our sleeveless chiffon alternative-hem dress offers the fun and flowy style you're looking for. v-neck 38 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Modern and easy to wear, our seamed pants will make a welcome addition to your versatile work wardrobe. straight leg side zip with hook-and-eye closure 33 inseam fully lined polyester washable imported
The beauty of nature is represented in this pretty pendant necklace featuring two crystal-accent dragonflies in complementing shades of green and pink. Metal: Silver-plated brass Stones: Multicolor crystals Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long cable chain Pendant Size: .96x.83 long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
In a classic five-pocket style, these custom-fit jeans have the hidden bonus of a flex waistband that gives exactly where you need it, providing one-of-a-kind comfort.   loose fit rise at the waist five-pocket style hidden flex waistband moves with you zip fly detailed stitching on back pocket loose through seat and thighs straight legs stretch midweight denim cotton/spandex washable imported  
Our Stafford easy-care dress shirt is a wardrobe staple featuring our commitment to quality and wearability.   matching big & tall web ID: 5318097 easy care performance specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering modified spread collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked more sizes: regular, athletic, big, extra tall cotton/poly broadcloth washable imported
He'll love the feel of this midweight, breathable Stafford tee.   combed cotton all-day comfort preshrunk for lasting fit reinforced durable stitching tag free cotton washable imported
Wow her with magnificent color. Fashioned in 14K yellow gold over sterling silver and lab-created white sapphires, this marquise-shaped, lab-created emerald ring is sure to turn heads.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: Lab-created emeralds and white sapphires, 10x5mm, 2.3-2.5x1.3mm, 2.7x1.5mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Our Arizona sunglasses are a cool, retro accessory for lounging beachside, poolside or curbside. UV protection plastic
When cozy comfort is what you're looking for, our Skechers slip-on shoes deliver.   textile/leather upper slip on relaxed fit and memory foam rubber sole
These colorful socks are a step in the right direction for a happy feet kind of day. includes 6 pairs of socks 100% cotton washable imported
Our jacket features a windowpane-like print made from a comfortable linen and cotton blend for a classic look.  notch lapel collar long sleeves side vents 3 exterior and 3 interior pockets polyester lining linen/cotton dry clean only imported
What it is:A tarte fan-coveted, clay pot waterproof liner in luxe, re-imagined packagingWhat it does:Tarte’s iconic clay pot liner gets a new look with its glamorous gold packaging and the same great formula. This velvety, non-drying eyeliner features tarte’s signature Amazonian clay-infused formula, which assists with nourishing and balancing the skin on the eyelids while reducing excess oil for better, longer, and truer wear. Featuring iconic liner shades with creamy, deep undertones, this formula lets eyes stand out when you sweep it on with tarte’s Etch & Sketch Double Ended Bamboo Liner Brush. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens - Phthalates What else you need to know:Tarte’s Etch & Sketch Double Ended Bamboo Liner Brush is sold separately. This product is ophthalmologist and dermatologist tested.Suggested Usage:-To create a crisp, thin line or a dramatic cat eye without any pulling or tugging, simply dip the Etch & Sketch Double Ended Bamboo Liner Brush into the velvety clay pot formula and glide it across the upper and lower lash line, applying more pressure for a more dramatic look. -The ergonomic angled end of the two-in-one brush contours to the shape of eye while the straight, precision end allows for even more versatilitywhether you want to create a goofproof, crisp wing or smoldering definition and the upper and lower lash line.Size:0.08 ozIngredients: -Amazonian White Clay: Extracted from the banks of the Amazon River where the nutrients are at their highest concentrations this multitasking and total-skin-balancing clay reduces dryness and flakiness; improves skin clarity elasticity firmness and texture while removing oil from the skin's surface and pores; and removes dead skin layers resulting in a general smoothing effect.-Mineral Pigments: Derived from natural minerals to soothe and soften the skin.-Botanical Waterproofing Agent: Earth-engineered from a blend of natural plant waxes. Dimethicone, Cyclopentasiloxane, Polyethylene, Isododecane, Polybutene, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, VP/ Exadecane Copolymer, Ozokerite, Candelilla Cera, Silica, Kaolin, Ethylhexylglycerin, Phenoxyethanol. (+/-): Mica, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Carmine (CI 75470).
Our shorts feature an elastic waist and relaxed fit for a comfortable, athletic look. elastic waist with drawstring 3 inseam relaxed fit polyester washable imported
Featuring a coated interior that resists moisture, dust and dirt, this storage bag conveniently organizes and stores your seasonal lights. durable canvas fabric convenient zip closure carry handles allow for easy transport folds flat for space-saving storage includes 2 metal storage reels; lights not included Canvas/steel. Measures 12x12x12H. Wipe clean. Imported. 
Toss this bright fish-patterned pillow on your chaise lounge or in your patio seating area for a pop of color. It's water repellant and fade resistant, making it the perfect accent piece for your outdoor living space. fade resistant water repellant polyester with polyester fill spot clean 17x17 filled and finished in America with imported materials
Gradating colors—from light to dark to light—make this ombré curtain panel ripple with understated sophistication.   8 gunmetal-finished grommets hang on a decorative rod or pole 3 bottom hem; 1 side hem Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 1¼ in diameter Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
The less-is-more design of this sport watch makes a statement with its striking blue dial, contrasting hands and markers, and handsome six-link bracelet.   Brand: Seiko Dial Color: Blue Strap: Two-tone stainless steel Clasp: Push-button release Water Resistance: 100m Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 20mm wide Model No.: SUR181 Special Features: Date display; durable crystal   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Showcase your starry night style in the high-shine embellishment of our sequined sweater for a look that shimmers from day to night. approx. 32½ - 34⅞ length from shoulder cotton/polyester/other fibers hand wash, dry flat imported
With ethereal grace, our lace dress feels like a dream with a flowy skirt and embellished waist details. crewneck 3/4 sleeves back zipper embellished waist approx. 61 length from shoulder polyester lining: polyester spot clean imported
Our Callaway executive putting mat is designed with higher-quality materials to simulate the green and improve your putting game. premium foam backing to minimize creases for truer roll includes a moveable putting cup that's 0.25 smaller than regulation cup to help sharpen aim rubber 8x2' wipe clean imported
Our ringer tee features allover polka dots and a Minnie Mouse graphic print for a super-cute casual look. roundneck short sleeves 23 length polyester/rayon washable imported
Featuring a darling short-sleeve top and a corresponding pair of shorts, this 2-piece set is versatile, comfortable and sweet. top: front button placket, pieced pattern block yoke shorts: no-pinch elastic waistband top: linen/viscose shorts: 100% cotton washable imported
As well-worn as an old friend, our boyfriend jeans won't let a few rips and tears stand between you. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 31 inseam cotton/viscose/polyester/Lycra® spandex washable imported
Striped cotton shirt keeps your look fresh with a modified Western yoke and welt chest pocket.   point collar short sleeves welt chest pocket with button cotton washable imported  
Get your little birdie ready to go in a snap with this bodysuit set featuring cute bird graphics and cotton pants. includes long-sleeve bodysuit, short-sleeve bodysuit, and pants cross-dyed neon no-pinch elastic waist nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel neon pink bodysuit: cotton/polyester blue bodysuit and pants: 100% cotton. washable imported
Make healthier meals with this cookware set that features Cuisinart's Ceramica polar white nonstick finish. This nonstick surface requires less oil and fat and is PFOA and PTFE free.   heavy-gauge aluminum core heats quickly and evenly scratch-resistant, protective exterior is highly durable PTFE/PFOA-free, petroleum-free ceramic technology tight-fitting glass lids allow you to view results during cooking while sealing in flavors and nutrients Cuisinart Easy Grip™ silicone handles are designed to provide a secure and comfortable grip riveted stick handles stay cool on the stovetop use on stovetop or in oven oven safe to 350ºF 10-pc. cookware set Includes: 1½-quart saucepan with lid 2½-quart saucepan with lid 3 quart sauté pan with helper handle and lid 8-quart stock pot with lid 8 skillet 10 skillet Aluminum/Ceramica nonstick/silicone. Hand wash. Imported. 
Keep cool and on-trend in our graphic tee shirt.●    v-neck●    short sleeves●    approx. 28⅛- 30¼ length●    rayon/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Make every day a carnival day with the Nostalgia Electrics cotton candy maker. It turns hard candy or sugar into a fun, fluffy treat. transforms hard candy or sugar into delicious, fluffy cotton candy clear rim guard lets you see each batch being made Includes: 2 reusable plastic cones sugar scoop extractor head 450 watts. Plastic. Measures 13x12x9H. Imported.  
This colorful, smile-inducing Mickey Mouse tee provides easy-to-match style and all-cotton comfort. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
With plenty of shelves and cubbies to hold and display keepsakes, this house-shaped cubby is both a charming and functional addition to any wall. colorful painted finish mounting hardware included Metal. Measures 17½x5x25H. Imported. 
The white opals stand out brilliantly from the sterling silver of our hamsa pendant.  Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Simulated white opals Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 cable chain Pendant Size: 12.3x23mmGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring an easy slip-on design, our timeless penny loafers offer comfort and style that’s always in season. synthetic upper stitch detail rubber sole
Our Glamorise full-coverage bra features elegant soft cups with beautiful embroidered lace and no-seam wide straps for comfort without bulk.  nylon/elastane/polyester machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #9810
Our pull-on sleep top makes nursing convenient with a snap placket at the front while the snug leggings give a cozy fit for maximum comfort.  short sleeves snap placket at front neckline elastic waistband polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
The quick dry feature of this performance polo means it’s always ready to wear. quick dry 2-button placket spread collar polyester washable imported
This sweet, basic sterling silver ring will go perfectly with all of your day-to-day outfits. Metal: Sterling silver Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Vintage jewelry stands the test of time and this gorgeous vintage-inspired diamond ring will certainly be no exception.   Metal: Sterling silverStone: 1/10 ct. t.w. round diamondsSetting: PavéDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
She'll feel breezy and beautiful when she's in this tank top, which features allover lace and a knit lining. binding at neckline cotton/nylon polyester lining machine wash, line dry imported
From the proud French leg design to the one-of-a-kind rubbed finish, this vanity with mirror is a flawless balance of warmth and elegance.   hardwood solids, engineered wood and oak veneer construction distressed oak and heavily rubbed finish finished with several distressing techniques features raised corner peg accents, detailed brass hardware and shaped, curved legs includes three storage drawers, two felt-lined removable drawer boxes in the two side drawers and beveled glass tilt mirror Measures 44Wx19Dx57H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.  
Slip on our classic dress shoes that offer all-day comfort along with great style. synthetic upper slip on rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Three diagonally set diamonds are just one interesting part of this ring. The other is the grooved band made up of a mix of satin and smooth finishes for added dimension and character. Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K yellow gold and rhodium Stones: 1/10 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Invisible Color: H-I Clarity: I2 Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The Bamboo Bodifying Complex and Keratin Healing System in this spray dramatically boost volume and thickness to fine, thin, flat hair. Fast-drying formula provides strong hold and lasting support. creates and maintains voluminous styles thermal protection up to 482˚F (250˚C) hold: 9 out of 10 How to use: Hold 6-8 from hair. Spray evenly over finished style. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month. 
With slip-on ease, our A2 by Aerosoles sandals have a chunky stacked heel for walking-ease and the comfort boost of heel rest technology that is built in to every step. technology Heel Rest technology cradles your heel, distributing weight between it and the ball of your foot shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern flex soles take pressure off the foot construction synthetic upper rubber sole details 2¼ stacked heel  memory foam footbed slip on open toe chic buckle detail
This personalized tie bar and cuff links set makes a fantastic gift for all of the best-dressed men on your list, accenting their formal looks in nickel and black.   .625 square cuff links 1.97 x .39 tie bar nickel-plated brass with epoxy border tie bar: engrave up to 3 letters at no charge cuff links: 1 letter engraved at no charge imported
Our oxfords have a hip, urban style and can easily pair with work or casual ensembles.  plastic upper rubber sole lace up CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Featuring a cheerful, bold floral pattern and keyhole neckline, our sheath dress is just right for the season. crewneck zipper at center back sleeveless fully lined 39.5 length from shoulder polyester/spandex dry clean imported
This wallet features an accordion-style inner pocket that makes it easy to whip out your credit card in a busy line, and an easy-to-carry design you'll love. double top zip closures synthetic/leather 2 interior slip pockets, 12 accordion-style credit card slots, ID window and 2 zip pockets 4Hx3Wx1½D imported
With clean lines and an ultra-modern look, this high-gloss wastebasket will keep your bathroom in step with the times.    simple design with swinging lid on top complements a variety of decor   Plastic. Measures 8x8x10H. Wipe clean. Imported.
You'll love the year-round cottony comfort of our short-sleeve crewneck tee. cotton washable imported
Keep cool and dry during your workout in our muscle tank, made from Champion Vapor® moisture-wicking fabric and featuring Fresh IQ™ technology for odor protection. Champion Vapor technology Fresh IQ technology targeted ventilation for breathability chafe-resistant flatlock seams reflective detail for visibility crewneck polyester washable imported
Sleep comfortably every night no matter the season with these sheets featuring a COOLMAX®  fabric blend that helps to balance your temperature changes. channeled fibers are designed to provide an evaporative surface for increased moisture transport and enhanced air circulation to cool you down hollow fiber combination in the fabric provides a lightweight material that's designed to prevent chills while allowing excess heat to dissipate into the air fits mattresses up to 18 deep cotton/polyester washable imported set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Full and queen sizes include standard pillowcases. King and cal. king sets include king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases are sold separately.  
A fun and clever way to decorate a home bar, this Irish bar beer sign can be personalized as a unique gift to yourself or others!  free personalization of first and/or last name up to 12 characters, including spaces and punctuation also includes free personalization of the year attachable hanger approx. 11½x15½ laminated wood with high-gloss finish made in USA 
The PinPair rolling pin set does double duty by combining the versatility of two rolling pins in one. A traditional wood French rolling pin fits inside a silicone roller to create a duo for all of your rolling needs.   use the French rolling pin for more precise pie crust rolling the silicone pin is great for rolling out cookie and bread dough Wood/silicone. Silicone rolling pin has 8¾ diameter; wood rolling pin has 4¾ diameter. Measures 20.08 when combined. Hand wash. Imported.  
This women's watch standouts apart with a rectangular mother-of-pearl dial set into a white leather strap.  Brand: JivagoDial Color: Mother-of-pearlStrap: White leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 30mCase Width: 13mmCase Thickness: 10mmBracelet Dimensions: 7 long; 13mm wideModel No.: JV1412   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Easy and breezy, this lightweight polo shirt is perfect for warmer days out on the course or for any active hobby. collar with 3-button placket short sleeves regular, relaxed fit polyester washable imported
Pair this glistening clutch with your favorite nighttime outfit for the perfect dressy touch. drop-in chain strap, 23 drop top frame snap closure synthetic interior ID pocket 4½Hx7Wx2½D imported
Our embroidered peasant top with cami underneath would make a pretty accompaniment to jeans, pants or a skirt. A fun tasseled draw cord accentuates the neckline. long sleeves scoopneck 26¾ length polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Our square sateen decorative pillow is made from cotton and features ruched face detailing with piping for an elegant update to your home's décor. ruched face detailing with piping 18x18 100% cotton with polyester fill spot clean imported
A simple, subtle design sets our Liz Claiborne ombre tank top apart with style. v-neck polyester binding: polyester washable imported
Featuring a rustic botanical design, this handcrafted platter brings a vibrant, organic look and feel to your tabletop.   durable stoneware construction reactive glazed finish perfect for entertaining and everyday dining microwave safe Stoneware. Measures 14x9L. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
When your schedule is booked all day, you need clothes that are ready to keep up with you while still presenting a polished appearance. Our stretch chino shorts move with you and let you stay cool and comfortable. available only at JCPenney Quick-Dri technology UV protection button waist and zip fly sits at waist flat front straight leg side pockets and 2 back welt pockets 10.5 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
These comfy graphic crew socks from Nike take performance to the next level with premium cotton-blend construction and a supportive fit. package of 3 pairs supportive fit with arch compression reinforced heel and toe for enhanced durability cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported S (7-8½)
What it is:A silicone facial brush for combination skin that channels both T-sonic pulsations for deep and gentle cleansing, and lower-frequency pulsations to reduce the signs of aging. What it does: The LUNA for Combination Skin’s brush surface features up to 80 percent of thinner silicone touch-points for gentle cleansing, with two additional waves of thicker touch-points for cleansing oily patches. The antiaging surface on the reverse side consists of a series of concentric silicone waves. The LUNA reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles and leaves the skin looking and feeling firmer and more elastic. It removes dead skin cells and unclogs pores of dirt, oil, and makeup residue, while enhancing the absorption of the client's favorite skincare products. What else you need to know:This facial brush is phthalate-free and uses body-safe silicone. It comes with a charger and a two-year warranty. FOREO is revolutionizing the beauty world.Vogue Suggested Usage:-Use for two minutes twice daily with any cleanser, with the exception of clay-based, silicone-based, or grainy cleansers, exfoliators, or scrubs. -To use, turn on, apply cleanser, wet brush surface, and cleanse face and rinse. -After, apply the antiaging surface to wrinkle-prone areas. Precautions:-Anyone who suffers from a serious skin condition should consult their dermatologist before using the LUNA. -Clay-based, silicone-based, or grainy cleansers, exfoliators, or scrubs should be avoided, as they may harm the LUNA's soft silicone touch-points.
Grill up sammies the whole gang will love with the Rachael Ray porcelain enamel nonstick deep griddle. Complete with a solid, shatter-resistant glass sandwich press, this deep skillet is the perfect way to make crowd pleasers like Rachael's Spanish ham and cheese panini without any grill marks, just the way she likes. sturdy construction promotes even heating to help reduce hot spots that can burn foods nonstick interior promotes effortless food release to make cleanup a snap brightly hued rubberized grippy handle is comfortable to grasp and dual riveted for extra strength sturdy glass press is tempered for shatter-resistance and helps to prevent splatters while cooking oven safe to 350°F Aluminum with glass press. Hand wash. Imported. 
With a soft cream background, the Lauder area rug features geometric patterns for modern texture. durable hand-tufted construction long-lasting wool fibers with cotton backing dry clean imported Due to the nature of handcrafted rugs, design and repetition of design may vary from size to size. Colors may vary slightly. Sizes are approximate, and do not include fringe, where applicable.It's perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep it under control until the rug has been seasoned and no longer sheds.Signature Design by Ashley® is a registered trademark of Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.
Head to the yoga studio in our shorts, featuring a mid rise and elastic waist for a comfy athletic look. elastic waist mid rise 2½-3½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Update your room with this down-alternative comforter fashioned in an innovative microcell fabric that's wonderfully soft to the touch. luxuriously soft microcell fabric box quilted to keep fill from shifting lightweight 3-piece Twin sets include: comforter sham 4-piece Full/Queen and King/Cal. King sets include: comforter 2 shams Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King/Cal. King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x90 with 32 ounces of fill; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: comforter is 86x90 with 42 ounces of fill; shams are 26x20 King/Cal. King: comforter is 90x102 with 52 ounces of fill; shams are 36x20
Glamorise® Wonderwire® lace bra has a front closure and features a great style and provides supreme comfort. front closure wide inner band supports and shapes cushioned so that wire never touches body padded wire channel smooth two-way stretch lace cups lightly seamed cups camisole straps with back adjustments nylon/spandex/polyester hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's Style #9245
A draped, thermal-textured front gives our knit cardigan a chic pop of textural style. approx. 29 - 30¼ back length cotton/Modal®/nylon/wool machine wash, dry flat imported
Lounging around the house will be more comfortable than ever before in these super-soft, cozy scuff slippers.   polyester upper rubber sole imported
For your on-the-go lifestyle, this double-zip wristlet keeps your everyday essentials secure and close at hand. detachable wristlet strap top zipper closure synthetic 6½Hx4½Wx½D spot clean imported 
This mini Bluetooth rechargeable speaker has a sleek design and can be paired with your smart phone device to answer incoming calls hands-free. compact design built-in 500 mAh battery USB cable included ABS wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 2x2x2½ imported
Perfect for any young person’s room, this student desk and hutch’s simple design and extra storage space makes it easier to finish homework and other projects.   solid hardwood construction bright white finish butt joint joinery 4 storage drawers with metal glides 2 large cubbies; 1 with cable access Measures 42x24x39H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Imported. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. 
What it is: The most anticipated sequel of the decade, Naked2 features a dozen pigment-rich taupe and gray-beige neutrals, plus five exclusive, new shades. What it does: The follow up to the original bestselling Naked palette, this stunning second edition proves that neutral is anything but boring. Showcasing a dozen completely different shades than the first bronze-based collection, it includes a stunning range from pale and deep, to matte and sparkly. You'll achieve a host of new neutral looks, smoky dramatic eyes, and everything in between. The palette also includes a double-ended, cruelty-free Good Karma Shadow/Crease Brush (available only in this palette), and four sample packettes of Eyeshadow Primer Potion. This set contains: - 12 x 0.05 oz Eyeshadows in Foxy (cream bisque with matte finish), Half Baked (golden-bronze with shimmering finish), Booty Call (shimmering cork), Chopper (copper shimmer with silver microglitter), Tease (creamy pale brown with matte finish), Snake Bite (dark bronze shimmer with metallic base), Suspect (pale golden beige with shimmering finish), Pistol (light gray-brown with shimmering finish), Verve (oyster with shimmering finish), YDK (cool bronze shimmer with metallic base), Busted (deep brown with shimmering finish), Blackout (blackest black with matte finish) - Good Karma Shadow/Crease Brush - 4 x 0.025 oz Eyeshadow Primer Potion sample packettes What else you need to know: Urban Decay's packaging takes on a modern feel in Naked2. With an art-school-inspired tin case and a hinged lid, it's smooth and cool to the touch. Compare Naked2 with first Naked palette—packaged in warm, rich brown velvet with gold foil lettering—and you won't be able to resist owning both. The eye shadows in this palette coordinate with the 24/7 Glide-On Double-Ended Eye Pencil: Perversion (blackest-black matte)/Pistol (light gray-brown shimmer).
Peace of mind when you travel can come in small doses, such as this wrinkle-free oxford dress shirt. button-down collar button front left breast pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring a straight leg and slimming tummy panel, these classic Bermuda shorts will easily become a staple of your wardrobe.   button and zip closure 11 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our Stafford Travel sharkskin suit pants give your look luster with a resilient, washable fabric that won’t get road-weary. wrinkle-resistant fabric permanent crease Stafford-Ease comfort waistband classic fit sits at waist zip fly with button tab and hook-and-eye closure flat front front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets hemmed polyester/viscose washable imported
What it is:Formula X Brilliant is a dazzling and vibrant glitter lacquer with intense sparkle.What it does:Far from your regular color, this multidimensional minx nail lacquer delivers the ultimate in disco ball sparkle. - Multicolored twinkling glitter makes a daring statement in just one swipeWhat it is formulated WITHOUT:- ParabensWhat else you need to know:The brush design was engineered to complement the highly pigmented, three-free formula, giving you the most even and precise lacquer application. Size0.4 oz
Get comfortable in this cotton t-shirt with a graphic screen printing. regular fit crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Our curvy-fit trouser-leg pants sit right at your waist, with no gapping in back, and a curved shape that's nipped at the knee to flatter full hips and thighs.   zip fly with hook-and-bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front welt pockets 2 back faux welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations dark gray windowpane: polyester/rayon white: cotton/spandex other colors: polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 33 inseam misses short: 31 inseam misses long: 35 inseam petite: 30 inseam petite short: 27½ inseam
You'll wear our classic loafers with hardware bar and tassel trim during the week, on the weekend—anytime you want classic style with comfort. synthetic upper ¾ heel rubber sole
    Rich hues and embroidered accents on this two pack of decorative pillows are an easy yet exquisite way to brighten up your room.     embroidered accents measures 20x20   Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.  
true This built-in electric cooktop lets you enjoy a premium look with the convenience of knob controls. Best of all, its GE Fits! Guarantee ensures an exact fit to make replacement easy. 5 radiant cooking elements cook foods quickly and evenly on a sleek, glass surface 8 Power Boil element gives you rapid heat from a powerful, 2,500-watt element 12/9 dual element lets you use different pan sizes on a single, 2,700-watt flexible element control lock capability protects against unintended activation keep warm setting keeps food warm with GE's lowest heat setting or lets you boil water in minutes melt setting gently melts delicate foods without burning or scorching hot surface indicator lights let you know when elements are too hot to touch with a quick glance cooktop “on” indicator light lets you know when an element is active 4 3/16 x 36 x 20 3/8
A floral print and cotton fabric build make our Vans short a no-brainer for a casual, relaxed ensemble. collar chest pocket short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
All-cotton comfort and a bold graphic lend standout style to this easy-match tee. crewneck short sleeves metallic screen-printed graphic 100% cotton washable imported 
Versatile enough for both everyday meals and evenings with company, this standard-height rectangular dining set adds stylish simplicity to your dining space.   MDF and wood table with an Okume veneer; rubberwood chairs butt joint and corner block joinery each chair has a 250-pound weight capacity includes 15 leaf extension 5-piece set includes: dining table 4 X-back dining chairs Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported. Table: 54Wx36Dx30H without leaf; measures 54Wx54Dx30H with leaf Each chair: 19Wx22Dx36H with an 18 seat height
Rest easier on this 2 pack of bed pillows designed with a long-lasting antibacterial protector that protects against bacteria, bed bugs, dust mites and insects.   easy care water- and stain-resistant biodegradable and eco-friendly pack of 2 Polypropylene cover with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. 
A beautiful diamond print gives these window tiers a modern look that perfectly matches your style. printed diamond motif rod pocket opening sold in pairs polyester/cotton washable imported
Perfect for stacking or wearing solo, this bangle bracelet features lab-created blue and white sapphires in a chic bypass design.Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: 6x9mm pear-shaped lab-created blue sapphireOther Stones: Round lab-created white sapphiresSetting: ProngDimensions: 7 circumferenceGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Lighten up while maintaining peak performance in these Superlite socks from adidas, featuring targeted cushioning and climacool®, 360-degree ventilation. climacool 360-degree ventilation technology superlite lightweight mesh construction cushioned heel and toe polyester/cotton/latex/spandex washable imported sock size 13-15 fits shoe sizes 12-15
You'll love the lightweight and comfortable construction of our pull-on pants for a flattering fit of year-round wear. back elastic waistband front slash pockets polyester washable imported misses: 30½ inseam misses short: 28 inseam petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam
Out the door and ready for the day, he'll be looking sharp in his long sleeve oxford shirt.   buttons on collar flaps button front long sleeve left chest pocket wrinkle free cotton/polyester washable imported
Effortlessly create a streamlined look with our flattering bi-stretch twill pants. Secretly Slender Technology is designed with a built-in panel to flatten and instantly slim your tummy front pockets back welt pockets button-and-zip closure misses: 32 inseam petites: 28 1/2 inseam talls: 34½ inseam woven bi-stretch rinse: cotton/polyester/spandex other colors: cotton/spandex charcoal heather: cotton/polyster/spandex                                                                                                               washable imported
Turn up the trend alert with our fun Worthington layered top with shoulder grommet detail.   crewneck long sleeves grommet detail at shoulders layered hem approx. 30½ length cotton/rayon chiffon hem: polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Enjoy the outdoors in cargo style with our soft cotton shorts, with plenty of storage space.  classic fit zip-and-button closure woven polyester belt 2 front pockets and 2 back pockets side cargo pockets 10½ inseam 100% cotton washable; remove belt before washing imported
Firm the core without breaking a sweat! This half- slip features maximum-power mesh for super-slimming that keeps your core controlled and everything in place.   super-slimming control sleek design features built-in power mesh panty for all-around firming stay-put silicone and bra loops ensure secure fit panty has comfortable cotton gusset & hook-and-eye closure nylon/spandex/elastane body and lining cotton gusset, exclusive of trim hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #1635
Make sure he looks good at your next formal event with our pre-tied zipper tie.  pre-tied 2½ wide; 14 long polyester spot clean imported
The empire waist and nursing-friendly mock-cami insert make this top an essential addition to your maternity wardrobe. v-neck 3/4 sleeves 31 length rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry made in America
Our wide-leg cropped pants are an on-point proportion for on-trend style featuring a tailored shape and streamlined look. flat front zip fly and button closure 2 front slant pockets 2 back faux welt pockets 27 inseam polyester/spandex polyester lining washable imported
Gold Toe Fluffies men's socks are heavier gauge that are perfect for weekend and business casual.   reinforced heel/toe for long-lasting comfort flattened toe seams provide smooth fit in shoes well-rounded heels give gentle support crew length ends 4 to 5 above the ankle acrylic/stretch nylon wicks away moisture washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12½ package of 3 pairs
Make a splash this season in customized swimwear that begins with our flirty, pleated Zeroxposur tankini swim top.   scoopneck built-in bra UPF 30+ sun protection lightweight 4-way stretch quick dry nylon/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
The pretty ombre of a dip-dye fabric adds a little feminine grace to our pretty peasant top.   scoopneck with keyhole and tie 3/4 sleeves approx. 24 length polyester/rayon hand wash, line dry imported
Shiny jet beads hang from this gold-tone bib necklace, which jingles flirtatiously with each step you take. Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Jet beads Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 17 long curb chain with 3 extender   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You'll never sacrifice comfort for style in our versatile swim bottoms with a fold over waistband for three different wearing options. shirred sides fold over waistband nylon/spandex washable imported
Get him ready for the big game – or big nap – in our soft cotton layette set. includes short-sleeve bodysuit, long-sleeve body suit and pants expandable shoulders nickel-free snaps on reinforced panels no-pinch elastic waistband bodysuits: 100% cotton pants: cotton/polyester washable imported For child's safety, garments should fit snugly. These garments are not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garments are more likely to catch fire.
The Cuisinart thermal coffee maker keeps coffee hot and fresh for hours, with that just-brewed flavor. You'll love the way this elegant stainless steel unit sits on your counter.   no-drip 12-cup double-wall insulated stainless steel carafe patented hands-free brew-through and pour-through lid seals out air fully automatic with 24-hour programmability brew pause feature stops flow of coffee when carafe is removed so cup can be poured mid-brew automatically shuts off; beep sounds after brewing cycle is complete 1000W. Plastic/brushed stainless steel. Measures 7.25x11.25x15.38H. Wipe clean. UL listed.   
Our Ultimate Core quarter socks earn their name with a durable cushioned footbed that will keep you comfortable through active days. package of 6 pairs polyester/spandex/nylon washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
A luxurious seating solution, this gorgeous accent chair is defined by is shapely curves, generous portions and tapered wood feet.   kiln-dried, laminated wood frame connected with two 16-gauge cords tempered steel spring system plush cushions filled with Dacron foam Fabric options: Room Chocolate: A retro yet contemporary fabric featuring chenille and jacquard rings and circles in colors of burgundy, peach, purple, silver and tan. 100% polyester cover. Topfloral Red: A printed, smooth fabric with multiple radiant colors. 100% cotton. Finny Linen: A sophisticated fabric featuring a repeated pattern that’s applied in a graceful design and neutral ivory colors. 80% polyester/20% linen cover. Foothills Persimmon: Featuring a bold pattern and mesmerizing design in shades of red, chocolate brown and soft beige, this fabric’s rustic-texture background and blend of colors that decoratively intermingle creates a stunning display of contrasting texture. 62% cotton/38% polyester cover. Ruins Espresso: Traditional tapestry, tone-on-tone chenille jacquard fabric with a paisley and leaf design in copper with medium and light browns. 73% rayon/27% polyester cover. Prey Quarry: With a small-scale, modern and elegant leopard design, this fabric is perfect for decorating. 53% polyester/47% polypropylene cover.   Kelby Graphite: This fabric has a gray geometric chain print on a light beige background. 66% cotton, 14% acrylic, 11% nylon and 9% rayon cover. Moroccan Caribbean: This fabric features a tile pattern with a scalloped diamond shape design and repeating background patterns. 67% polyester/18% linen/15% cotton cover. Axis Domino:Refresh and modernize any home decor with this fabric featuring a striped geometric pattern with a modern feel. 61% rayon/39% polyester cover. Aberdeen Garnet:The perfect tapestry decor accent for any home and the combination of thread colors and weaves, this fabric creates a unique art experience that changes with each viewing angle. 50% polyester/50% polypropylene cover. Aloha Lava: Floral tapestry with a seamless pattern and cute decorative background of red leaves and flowers. 39% acrylic/33% polyester/28% cotton cover. Owens Barcelona: Featuring a traditional paisley design with a light tan pattern and a touch of gray on charcoal. 36% rayon/34% cotton/30% polyester cover. Fleur Driftwood:The large-scale floral design of this watercolor-inspired fabric is perfect for brightening up your home and will work with classic and modern interiors. 55% linen/45% cotton cover. Folly Tourmaline:A versatile, medium-weight fabric with cotton overprints. 70% cotton/30% linen cover. Pravo Charcoal:The seamless floral pattern and unique antique look of this fabric make it fun and easy to bring any room to life. 100% polyester cover. Suzanne Aegean:This fabric features a classical floral and medallion design pattern infused with colors of fresh moss, teal and gray. 51% viscose/27% polyester/22% linen cover. Aubusson Charcoal: Featuring a screen print, this fabric is a versatile accent solution for any home. 70% cotton/30% linen cover. Hayden: Offering superior strength and resilience, this lightweight, moisture-wicking fabric is resistant to solvents, most chemicals, stretching and shrinking. 100% polyester cover. Microsuede:Supremely soft and featuring high-quality colors, this fabric is a simply elegant addition to any room in your home. 100% polyester cover. Heirloom: This fabric features a textural zigzag pattern. 40% olefin, 28% polyester, 21% cotton and 11% rayon cover. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 38Wx38Wx34H overall with a 19 seat height, 25 seat depth and 15 seat back height. Made in America.
Featuring a classic plaid pattern and all-cotton construction, these comfy shorts match with lots of tops for plenty of easy outfit options. pre-washed for softness covered elastic waist with drawstring pork-chop pockets yarn-dyed plaid poplin fabric 100% cotton washable imported
Create an elegant sanctuary in any room with this beautifully designed sheer panel. gently filters light intricate floral damask pattern coordinates with Blakely curtain panels, sold separately 3 rod pocket Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Rich sophistication defines the Denton comforter set, bringing a classic design up to date with fresh details.   intricate pattern in gray and white soft brushed fabric on back decorative pillows coordinate beautifully with comforter 7-piece comforter set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop 3 decorative pillows Queen set includes standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams.  Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt. Washable. Polyester pillows with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. Queen: comforter is 90x90; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16 and 18x12 King: comforter is 104x92; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16 and 18x12 Cal. King: comforter is 104x92; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16 and 18x12 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Slip on the Gold Toe athletic low-cut socks for a smooth, comfortable fit.   full cushion foot bed for comfort stay-in-place heel reinforced toe for durability premium cotton for softness cotton/stretch nylon washable imported
Take the look of leather even further with our faux-leather jacket with its modern, funky fringe. v-neck with spread collar long sleeves zip front 2 exterior pockets fringe detail viscose/polyester with polyurethane coating lining: polyester machine wash, hang dry imported
KeraCare Essential Oils is a rich blend of high-quality natural oils that moisturize dry hair and scalp.   moisturizes & softens hair to prevent brittleness does not weigh hair down if used properly leaves hair luminous and shiny contains a rich blend of natural oils including coconut, aloe vera & olive oil can be used as a hot oil treatment How to use: For daily styling: Distribute a small amount through wet or dry hair. Massage into scalp. Comb through and style. As thermal styling aid: After drying hair, apply a small amount and style with a curling iron. As pre-conditioner/hot oil treatment: Apply liberally and leave on hair for 10-15 minutes before shampooing. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.  
These colorful mugs feature a vintage-inspired design of Santa in his workshop, giving your table setting a festive, nostalgic accent for the holiday season. durable earthenware construction each has a 16-ounce capacity microwave safe set of 4 Earthenware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Softened by its luxurious fiber-filled back and fashionable tapered feet, this track-arm corner chaise/sofa sectional features clean, rectangular styling elements and a handsome finish that stands out in any space.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery premium elastic webbing cushions filled with polyurethane foam and a bonded polyester comfort layer removable feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Imported. Measures 114Wx83Dx35H overall with a 19 seat height, 22 seat depth and 18 seat back height and includes: Left-arm sofa: 76Wx38Dx35H Right-arm corner chaise: 38Wx83Dx35H
You'll love the flattering look and comfortable fit of our classic five-pocket jeans from Gloria Vanderbilt. mid rise straight leg 30½ inseam white, cherry blossom: cotton/spandex antiqua ticking stripe: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Wrap her hair in sweetness and keep away the flyaways with charming rosette head wraps. fits size newborn-6m soft elastic bands imported
For those warmer days pair this adorable knit top that features a flattering split neck with your favorite shorts. split neck front chest pocket sleeveless approx. 25 length cotton/Modal® washable imported
Take your formal outfit to the next level with our dot die and coordinating solid pocket square. includes solid tie and pocket square 3 wide; 58 long polyester dry clean only imported
Our laser-cut, pull-on skirt is the go-anywhere skirt you've always wanted. mid rise elastic waistband approx. 25½-26½ length lined polyester machine wash, line dry imported
These jeans, with double needle contrast details, are perfect for all of his favorite tees and sneakers.   5-pocket styling button and zip closure cotton washable imported
This shirt and tie set steps up his special occasion style with bold color and a smooth, blended broadcloth fabric. includes long-sleeve shirt and coordinating clip-on tie point collar button front long sleeves chest pocket adjustable button cuffs shirt: cotton/polyester tie: polyester shirt is washable; tie is dry clean only imported
Our adidas logo t-shirt doesn’t just share your love of the brand, it's got a great comfort fit as well.   crewneck logo shirt short sleeves regular fit polyester/cotton washable imported
Protect yourself from brush, briars and the occasional snake with these water-repellent upland jeans with canvas facing.   cotton denim and cotton canvas 1000 denier Cordura® fabric panels with water-repellent Teflon® finish loose fit action gusset suspender buttons easy-entry, extra-deep front pockets bootcut legs fit easily over boots cotton washable imported
Slip into soft comfort with these fleece-lined slippers featuring timeless styling and an indoor/outdoor bottom. construction suede upper rubber sole details slip on
A pop of color! Make a fashion statement with the Sabrina duvet cover set in a vibrant color and design.   intricate damask pattern with heart shapes in orange and taupe decorative flange trim matching sham(s) and coordinating decorative pillows 4-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: duvet cover sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen or King/Cal. King set includes: duvet cover 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard shams. King/Cal. King set includes king shams. Polyester duvet cover and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: duvet cover is 68x90; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 18x12 Full/Queen: duvet cover is 88x90; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 18x12 King/Cal. King: duvet cover is 104x90; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 18x12
Our fine-gauge sweater from St. John’s Bay layers easily over a button-front or tee for stylish, lightweight warmth in your favorite heathered colors. v-neck long sleeves rib-knit cuffs and hem cotton/acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
Go for the free-spirited look with this tie-front peasant blouse with intriguing sleeve cutouts. scoopneck tie front ¾ sleeves 28½ length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Sunny yellow trim pops off the black and white zebra print of our tankini swim top for a sporty look that'll get you noticed at the beach or the pool. racerback soft cups partially lined knit nylon/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
This six-drawer dresser expertly combines the best of style and functionality. Its unique V-Match veneer adds personality to any décor, while spacious drawers, metal roller guides and security stops make it easy to use. 6 drawers metal roller glides security stops 47½x20¼x33½H assembly required wood/MDF wipe clean with mild soap and water imported meets CPSIA/CPSC requirements and all JPMA safety certifications
Add some chic charm to your casual style with our tiered stripe tank top. scoopneck approx. 27⅝-29 9/16 length cotton/modal washable imported
Redefine your weekend style with this heathered piqué polo, available in your choice of soft, easy-match colors. big and tall fit flat knit collar 2-button placket short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring a short-sleeve Henley tee and a corresponding pair of pleated shorts, this 2-piece set is all your little one needs. includes short-sleeve Henley tee and shorts tee: crewneck, screen-printed graphic, 3D appliqué shorts: elastic waist, faux drawstring, pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
This reinforced leather ottoman will add a hint of style to any room while allowing for a comfortable spot to kick up your feet. reinforced pine wood/MDF frame corner blocking sinuous 4 steel springs 5 upholstery foam/Dacron fill removable feet stain resistant piping edge Leather options: Standard leather provides a soft and subtle petite pebble grain. This top grain, semi-aniline and pigmented leather offers consistent color from hide to hide. A light finish is applied to enrich the natural texture. Deluxe leather is supple leather that has been embossed with a more defined pebble grain to add depth and enhance its natural beauty. This semi-aniline and pigmented top grain leather will remain durable with use over time. A coating is added to this thick hide for a subtle sheen. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 22Wx20Dx18H. Assembly required. Imported.
Get the skinny on all things fashionable and comfortable with these stretchy twill skinny pants from IZOD, featuring an adjustable waist and easy-to-match design. adjustable waist zip fly with hook/eye closure with faux front button 2 front slant pockets 2 back welt pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
What it is:A spiral brush to separate the eyelashes or eyebrows. What it does:This spiral brush is used to style eyebrows and correct their shape, as well as separate lashes before or after mascara application. It can also be used to spread mascara along the length of the lash, and wrap lashes after mascara application for a dramatic touch. What else you need to know:After five years in development with makeup artists and fiber experts, MAKE UP FOR EVER Artisan Brushes are a revolution in brush craftsmanship. The 100-percent fiber brushes are available in a range of 76 handcrafted styles, each with the perfect balance of straight and wavy fibers that replicate natural hairs. Beveled tips create a two-in-one makeup brush and tool, while innovative hair density and brush head shapes optimize every stroke for ideal makeup application. To achieve the ultimate collection, every brush has gone through 25 production stages by 30 craftsmen and has been checked for quality 50 times.IngredientsTalc, Kaolin, Octyldodecanol, Myristyl Lactate, Nylon-6, Isononyl Isononanoate, Isotridecyl Isononanoate, Chlorphenesin, Methylparaben, Ethylparaben, Dimethicone, Tocopheryl Acetate, Propylparaben, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Tin Oxide, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Silica, Mica, CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 75470 (Carmine), CI 15850 (Red 6, Red 7 Lake), CI 45410 (Red 28 Lake), CI 77163 (Bismuth Oxychloride), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), CI 77007 (Utramarines)].
Our curvy-fit trouser-leg pants sit right at your waist, with no gaping in back, and a curved shape that's nipped at the knee to flatter full hips and thighs. zip fly with hook-and-bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front welt pockets 2 back faux welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 33 inseam misses short: 30 inseam misses long: 35 inseam petite: 30 inseam petite short: 27½ inseam
This attractive barstool swivels 360 degrees with an upholstered center back panel and rope trim top.   dark brown vinyl seat distressed medium brown cherry finish Rubberwood/polyurethane/leather/cherry veneer. Distressed finish. Measures 23½x20x45½H. Ready to assemble. Imported.  
What it is: A subtle highlighter that gives skin a natural-looking glow. What it does: Choose the highlighter that suits your beauty need. lluminator combines organic ingredients with the healing properties of rose hip oil to highlight your best features, adding depth and dimension to the skin. Enriched with the healing cocoa and shea butters, the Polka Dots & Moonbeams shade is a brightening highlighter with a pearl color that boosts the look of the skin’s vitality for a dewy, youthful appearance. Cosmic Dancer's soft gold color adds warmth to your best features, and it blends seamlessly with Sway, the illuminating bronze shade. Use Sway to contour and define the face, delivering a burnished bronze hue to the complexion for a sunkissed glow. Pair Sway with Polka Dots & Moobeams or Cosmic Dancer for a complete, radiant look. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: Each shade is sold separately. This product contains 72 percent organic ingredients and is cruelty-free. It is free of artificial preservatives, fragrance, and gluten.Suggested Usage: -Apply to the cheekbones, browbones, inner corner of eyes, bridge of the nose, and lower lip for a fresh, dewy glow. Polka Dots & Moonbeams: -Swatch on back of hand and blend with concealer to add luminosity to your daily makeup routine. Sway: -Use it to contour and highlight your best features. -Blend with concealer to add luminosity to your look. -Swatch over blush to create a rosy, lit-from-within glow.Size:0.18 oz
Cinch your waist in a sparkling style with this belt that has a zipper edge.   zipper-style metal detail on edge glitter with cutout synthetic leather overlay imported
Head to yoga class in our cropped leggings, featuring an elastic waist and colorful allover print for a cute athletic look. elastic waist 22 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Levi's roomiest jean style, the 569 sits low on the waist and is cut straight through the leg and knee.    sits below waist loose fit through seat and thigh straight leg, 18½ leg opening 5-pocket style levine: 98% cotton/2% elastane black: 99% cotton/1% elastane other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
Give snack time and school work the royal treatment with this colorful Disney Princess chair desk, featuring a built-in cup holder and fabric storage bin that’s perfect for organizing books, games and toys. built-in cup holder underneath fabric storage bin 20.5x22.8x23.2” for ages 3-6 MDF/polyester/plastic wipe clean with damp cloth imported meets CPSIA/CPSC requirements
Turn up the warmth on a classic American style in this sherpa-lined plaid trucker jacket, featuring a touch of wool. sherpa collar button front 2 chest pockets with button-through flaps long sleeves handwarmer pockets sherpa lining on body; quilted lining on sleeves polyester/wool washable imported
Infuse an edgy feel into any outfit with these drop earrings. A series of diagonal bars give them lots of texture and volume.   Metal: Tri-tone metal Back: Wire   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring an allover geometrical design in shades of blue and gray, this soft bath rug engages the senses. absorbent cotton fabric beautiful tufted design crafted in India Cotton. Measures 32x20. Washable. Imported.
Your girl will love wearing these slim-fit, straight-leg jeans—featuring an adjustable waist for comfort and heart-embroidery on the back pockets for lovable style. adjustable waist 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure cotton/polyester washable imported
Our gladiator sandals feature a T-strap design and studded details for super-chic sunny days style.  polyurethane upper polyurethane sole T-strap back zip entry studded details
Featuring reflective logos, a 2-in-1 inside liner, side vents and allover print, these printed shorts by ASICS are perfect for your style. elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets flat front 9 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Featuring a sporty graphic on breezy cotton fabric, this comfortable tee is an easy choice any day. crewneck short sleeves v-yellow, bros 65: cotton/polyester, all other colors: cotton  washable imported  
Add the perfect amount of detail to your bed with this decorative pillow featuring piped detailing and embroidered stripes.   patchwork plaid print in a bright mix of colors measures 12x18 Cotton/polyester with polyester fill and trim. Spot clean. Imported.
With a sleek, minimalist design, our low-profile Nike skate shoes will keep you grinding out board tricks with ease. technology Phylon midsole for increased comfort construction canvas/suede split leather upper rubber sole details lace up minimalist upper for better board feel and greater balance rubber taping for grip and durability flexible vulcanized outsole with tacky gum rubber
Blue stones make these drop earrings a sweet treat for your everyday looks. Nickel free.Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Blue stonesBack: WireDimensions: .55x1.5 longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring exclusive Pillowtop® memory foam in the footbed, these comfortable yet trendy sandals are a must-have for warm weather fashion. soft leather upper huarache with zipper closure adjustable buckle and heel zipper flexible rubber outsole for traction attractive stacked heel look low 1 heel height
This soft pocket tee gives your looks standup color, whether you’re matching with a pair of patterned shorts or layering under a woven shirt. crewneck short sleeves left chest pocket electric blue: cotton all other colors: cotton/polyester washable imported
The innovative back-smoothing capabilities and seamless sides of our Ambrielle Everyday microfiber wirefree bra eliminate bumps and bulges for a smoother look under your favorite clothes.   Style: full coverage; provides you with the most coverage Padding: lightly lined molded cups that are wirefree with light push for a natural lift Fabric: nylon/spandex Care: hand wash, line dry Origin: imported 
Our silk tie features a stripe print for a bold statement.  3⅜ wide; 58 long 100% silk spot clean imported
Mickey's sweetheart is ready to be cuddled and pampered as your child grows fond of this gorgeous Minnie plush.   Disney Collection only at JCPenney soft premium plush with detailed sculpting embroidered features 3.25H polyester spot clean imported
An all-American graphic print adds pride-inducing charm to this comfy, easy-match tank. roundneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Feel beautiful from the inside out in our feminine panties, boasting delicate lace trim along a figure-flattering hipster cut. lace trim polyamide/elastane washable imported  
Keeping your pillows clean and fresh is simple with these pillow protectors that come in a convenient pack of two. Featuring a 130 thread count and hypoallergenic fill, these pillow protectors help you rest easy and get a great night’s sleep. 130 thread count hypoallergenic easy care pack of 2 Cotton/polyester. Washable. Imported. Standard/Queen pillow protector: 20x28 each King pillow protector: 20x36 each
Combining the flexibility of a lightweight stroller with the amenities of a full-size stroller, this super-quick and easy-to-fold stroller gets you and baby on the go with ease. Its one-hand, compact fold locks for added security, and it stands on its own when folded. It even fits into the smallest trunks and spaces.   weighs only 13 lbs. single handlebar for convenient pushing six-wheel design with full suspension system lockable front swivel wheels double-push brake prevents shoe scuffs extended storage basket for easy access to items mesh peek-a-boo window offers visibility and ventilation five-point safety harness with padded straps removable parent cup holder (mesh pocket can be used for extra storage) oversized, extendable canopy with UV SPF 50+ protection and water-repellant coating cool mesh sidewalls increase airflow accommodates children from 6 months up to 50 lbs. fully assembled compatible with Recaro Performance Coupe infant seat meets CPSIA/CPSC requirements polyester spot clean imported
Set the mood for sweet dreams in our soft Liz Claiborne pajama set, featuring a long-sleeve V-neck Henley shirt accented in charming ribbon detail, paired with coordinating drawstring waist sleep pants. top: polyester/rayon pants: rayon/spandex washable imported
Our steel-toed work boots from Wolverine combine heavy-duty protection and rugged leather styling for tough yet lightweight boots, a must-have for every man on the job. technology Wolverine Durashocks® technology for comfort permanent direct-attach molding seals out water steel toe rated ASTM F2413-05 M I/75 C/75 EH construction nubuck leather upper synthetic sole details pull on removable double density footbed polyurethane midsole fiberglass shank
Breathtaking diamonds sparkle and shine on this stunning 1/2 ct. t.w. diamond engagement ring.   Metal: 10K rose gold Stones: 1/2 ct. t.w. princess-cut and round diamonds Color: I Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Pave and prong Gallery Height: 6.40mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The Cuisinart 4-Slice Belgian Waffle Maker always cooks golden waffles that are crispy on the outside and mouthwateringly tender on the inside. With a stylish brushed stainless steel cover, the waffle iron offers an adjustable temperature control with 6 browning settings for ultimate control. The result? Precise perfection. nonstick coated baking plates Ready to Bake and Ready to Eat indicator lights audible alert brushed stainless steel top cover includes recipe book metal wipe clean imported Dimensions: 9.2 x 11.5 x 5.6, Weight: 5.4 lbs pounds
Sleek, stylish and easily paired with your favorite tops, our midi bodycon pencil skirt is perfect for the office or for a night out with the girls. elastic waistband mid-rise cotton/spandex washable imported
Classic-fit IZOD XFG pants have the moisture-wicking qualities you want in golf pants, but you'll want to wear them off the course as well as on.   button and zip closure tapered legs polyester washable imported
Transform your nursery into a beautiful garden setting with our floral bedding set, made of soft cotton baby will love. delicate floral theme floral appliques and dimensional butterfly accents quilt: cotton, with polyester fill skirt: cotton, olefin platform sheet/pad cover/stacker/valance: 100% cotton washable imported 6-piece set includes reversible quilt: 35x45 fitted crib sheet: 28x52 crib skirt with 13 drop changing pad cover: 16x32 tab top window valance: 56x17 diaper stacker: 12x20x8H
Stop bullets, leap tall buildings and walk on hot sand with our Superman flip flops.  nubuck/synthetic/nylon upper spot clean synthetic sole
Give your ensembles a punch of panache with our roomy crossbody bag, fashioned in a chic front metal bar design. adjustable/removable crossbody strap; 24 drop magnetic snap closure polyurethane; textile lining front metal bar design 11.4Lx8.7Wx4.3D imported   CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
With subtle textural details and a handsome buckle design, these dress shoes are perfect for everyday wear. leather/synthetic upper cushioned insole with memory foam for added comfort rubber sole
Take a step fashion forward in our all-day comfortable pumps by Soft Styles.   synthetic upper rubber sole Soft Style® is a Hush Puppies Company.  
For the woman you adore—this ring says it all. Diamond-covered shanks and two halos accentuate the four-prong center diamond for an exquisite expression of your love. Tiny-bead milgrain edges offer vintage flair. Inside lies a lab-created blue sapphire to serve as her “something blue.” Metal: Rhodium-plated Platinaire® (a blend of sterling silver and 5% platinum) Stones: ⅜ ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a 1/6 ct. princess center stone Other Stones: Round lab-created blue sapphire Diamond Color: I-J Diamond Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong and bezel Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Made from soft cotton, this deluxe ironing board cover has a tailored nose and bungee cord binding for the perfect fit. easy-care cotton fabric NANOMAX® technology provides stain, scorch and fade resistance while repelling water and dirt fits most standard ironing boards Cotton. 18x58½. Washable. Imported.
This plaid poplin shirt pairs perfectly with go-to jeans for a relaxed, put-together look. prewashed for softness point collar long sleeves button front chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Perfect your silhouette by taking control of your curves with our Maidenform high-waist thigh slimmers, featuring innovative fabrication for ultimate shaping and slimming.   high level of control tummy control waist nipping nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #2052  
Especially useful during the dry, cold winter season, this humidifier pulls large volumes of harsh air through two humidifying filters and turns it into humidified air that circulates throughout the room.   cool-mist evaporative technology with 2 filters and vortex-assisted humidity distribution 3 fan speed settings: high, low or auto automatic control option intelligently regulates humidity output 1½-gallon water tank capacity humidity output of up to 2.6 gallons per 24 hours provides coverage for up to 700 square feet Plastic. Measures 10.3x15.1x12.1H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Share your love of old-school video games with the world with this Kirby Warp Star tee. crewneck polyester/cotton washable imported
It takes a great fit to look good, and that’s where these dress pants have you covered, offering your size in a wrinkle-resistant, blended fabric that drapes perfectly.   wrinkle resistant sits at waist 2 side-seam pockets 2 back button-through welt pockets pleated straight leg cuffed polyester/rayon washable imported
This stylish, kick-pleated girls’ skirt strikes the perfect stance for scholastic success.   polyester washable imported
The iconic Star Wars logo makes this shirt a timeless classic. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Lock-blade knife makes a very personal gift, with a diamond-engraved monogram and sleek styling in stainless steel. 5 lock blade stainless steel with satin finish personalize with up to 3 letters Stainless steel 5 lock-blade knife is imported. Free monogramming If you want this monogrammed, just click on the monogramming box below and then add the item to your shopping bag. After placing this item in your bag you will be prompted to add your free personalization of up to 3 letters.  
Add some luxe to lounge time with these soft, knit sleep pants from Ambrielle. rayon/spandex washable imported
Give your special occasions a really special look with our rhinestone encrusted stiletto sandals.   satin polyester upper rhinestone detail straps 4½ heel, ½ platform composition leather outesole
You can go all night in these riding boots featuring buckle embellishments and a smooth finish that's perfect for your casual outings. synthetic upper 2½ heel ¼ platform 16½ shaft height 9½ shaft circumference rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Workout-ready style is a cinch with these comfy capris from Puma. elastic waist with fold-over band printed stretch jersey fabric polyester/spandex washable imported
Infuse feminine charm into downtime in our v-neck chemise, trimmed in delicate lace.   rayon/spandex washable imported  
Taking traditional design to another level with its beautiful details and duo of rich finishes, this dining set showcases fine craftsmanship in any small space.   solid hardwood construction with cherry veneers cherry and antique black finishes corner-block and butt-joint joinery adjustable glides help prevent surface damage 3-piece set includes: table 2 chairs Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported. Table: 42Wx42Dx30H Each chair: 20Wx17Dx41H with an 18 seat height
Our a.n.a® blouse has a comfortable ease that feels like a familiar friend and looks fantastic. collar long sleeves button down front pockets approx.29¼ length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Head to the gym in our cropped leggings, featuring phone pockets and an allover print for a cute athletic look.   ●    elastic waist●    2 front pockets●    20 inseam●    polyester/spandex●    washable●    imported  
With its ultra-comfortable BounceComfort technology and a modern design that fits any style, this bath mat set offers comfort and support for your feet. BounceComfort memory foam technology cushions your feet with exceptional softness and support stain-resistant microfiber surface is easy to clean reinforced trim helps maintain shape and stability polyester with latex backing washable imported 2-piece set includes: 32x20 rug 24x17 rug
Featuring a lock-down zipper and removable bra cups, our Xersion™ Quick-Dri® bra will get you through your workout in style. removeable cups comfort band lock-down zippers swan hook  Quick-Dri® 1 elastic approx. 12-14 length polyester/spandex lined high support washable imported
Add a sophisticated touch to your outfit with this distinctive tie tack, featuring a luminescent mother-of-pearl stone.   mother-of-pearl stone on rhodium-plated metal made in America
You’ve picked the ones that began the brand: the iconic Levi’s® 501® Original Fit Jean. Authentic, not only because of their heritage but because they fit right, look good, and tell a great story. Sitting higher at your waist to fit the 5-button fly, the regular cut straight leg is not too tight, or too loose, and has no added stretch - just durable heavyweight cotton. Worn by guys who define their own style; coveted by denim collectors the world over.   matching big & tall web id: 5834008 sits at waist classic seat and thighs straight leg, 16 opening button fly preshrunk to retain shape wash after wash cotton washable imported
Straight-fit shorts are just the right style for a day on the golf course.   straight fit sits at waist 2 front slash pockets length falls above the knee polyester washable imported
The quilted comfort of these sweats makes them perfect for projects around the house or simply lounging around the house.   drawstring ribbed hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Perhaps representing the many bumps along the road in marriage, this wavy band also shows how steadfast the circle of matrimony is too.   Metal: 14K white gold Gallery Height: 1.5mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You'll find a touch of elegance in our jacquard lace dress with tiny sequins for added glamour.   high front neck and scoopback long sleeves approx. 37½ length from shoulder nylon/spandex lining: polyester professional dry clean imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place
Surround yourself in tropical color and cotton comfort with this oval logo tee from Vans. crewneck short sleeves cotton washable imported  
Look your very best either at work or at play when you wear our flowy and sleek Worthington blouse, which features 3/4-length tulip sleeves and a camisole lining. roundneck 29¾ length polyester washable imported
This reversible sheet set lets you mix and match your bed to fit your mood and room style. 300 thread-count 100% cotton attractive stripe on front solid color on back fits mattresses up to 18 deep Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase(s) Twin set includes one standard pillowcase. Full and Queen sets include two standard pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets include two king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases are sold separately.Cotton. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 75x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 20x30 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 20x30 Queen: flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 20x30 King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 20x40 Cal. King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 72x84; pillowcases are 20x40
This speckled and striped pullover provides premium laidback layering to your cool-weather days. hood left chest logo embroidery long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Our basketball shorts feature an elastic waist and loose fit for a comfortable, athletic look.  elastic waist with drawstring 2 side pockets polyester washable imported
He’ll feel like he’s an Avenger now that he can read his very own kids watch. Features the Incredible Hulk on the dial and a black leather strap.    Brand: Marvel Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50mm Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long, 16mm wide Model No.: W001555 Special Features: Easy read dial   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You’ll be on the move in comfort in our relaxed-fit mesh capris. relaxed fit side tape and piping details straight legs polyester washable imported misses: 22 inseam petites: 19 inseam
Our sassy spaghetti strap A-line dress features exciting details such as a wrap skirt and peekaboo hem. scoopneck approx. 33 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Whether a workout or a serious lounge session is on the docket, the warmth and comfort of these Nike fleece pants will have you wishing away your workday.   sits just below the waist expandable waist with drawcord side-seam pockets back welt pocket with self-adhesive closure straight leg knit tape detail on leg polyester washable imported  
  Head to the pool or lounge at the beach in these casual, lightweight women's sandals. A synthetic, stretchable upper provides a personalized fit.   synthetic upper soft Lycra upper moldable footbed lightweight EVA sole
Fit everything you need and more in this spacious and trendy crossbody bag that has several organizational options. 26 drop synthetic 100% cotton trim roomy main compartment 2 interior and 3 exterior pockets 11.5Hx9Wx1.5D imported
Featuring a handy zipper for super-quick changes, she will be cozy and secure in these flamingo footed pajamas. comfortable ribbed neckline and cuffs zips from ankle to chin worry-free safety tab built-in gripper footies 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Your favorite feline will be entertained by this durable cat tree for years to come. Its Sherpa appearance makes it a stylish addition to your space.   covered in faux sheepskin sisal rope wrapped posts tools provided for simple set-up use a vacuum and damp cloth for easy cleaning Faux sheepskin/rope/wood. Measures 38x36x73H. Made in America.
The Converse All Star is the shoe that revolutionized the game of basketball and later became a worldwide favorite known as the Chuck Taylor. A true American icon, the classic design hasn't changed since Chuck wore them himself. canvas upper bears the original Chuck Taylor Patch logo rubber toe bumper and arch grommets durable rubber sole for enhanced traction and control foam package for extra comfort Chuck Taylor All Star Street  is about creating comfort and durability for the active boy easy slip on and off mid-cut
Step up Frozen fashion with these glittery Elsa costume shoes. glitter detail heart-shaped cameo 3D Lurex® metallic bow contrasting foil trim satin footbed synthetic upper urethane sole 3/4 wedge heel
Dark jeans from akademiks do denim better with quilted, leather-look details. slim fit sits at waist zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling straight leg fabric: cotton/polyester trim: polyurethane washable imported
A sky-high wedge heel and trendy design make these platform sandals perfect for sunny days out and about. synthetic upper 5½ heel adjustable ankle strap rubber sole
Stretching in all the right places, this comfortable dress shirt is designed to go the distance, day or night. only at JCPenney wrinkle free mechanical stretch fabric (woven to stretch without spandex) spread collar front placket button front long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Head out on your next run in our capris, featuring no-chafe side seams for a cool athletic look. elastic waist with drawcord geometric ombre print 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Dressed up or worn casual, our stretchy ankle pants can pull off whatever look you're going for. slim fit 25 inseam front zip two back pockets cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
What it is:A two-in-one tool with an easy-to-use design for removing calluses and smoothing skin. What it does:Easily eliminate hard skin with this multitasking tool that ensures precise results. The nickel-plated steel shaver safely removes thin, dead skin and the stainless steel rasp smooths for a soft finish. The unique slide-and-lock mechanism on the shaving portion of the tool safely conceals the blade when not in use.Suggested Usage:-Clean and soak feet to prep and help soften hard skin. -Gently glide shaver across hard skin to remove thin, dead layers. -To smooth skin using rasp, simply press button on handle and slide shaver down into case. Use your fingernail in notch on bottom of handle to help slide shaver down, thus exposing the rasp. Once tool is locked in place, flip it and use rasp to smooth skin.-Wash rasp with brush and rinse with warm soapy water after each use.-Rinse blade and shaver head after each use. -Keep the blade dry.Precautions:-People with diabetes, hemophilia, or circulatory problems should not use this tool.
Our Maidenform Torsette gives you everyday control so you can confidently and comfortably wear form-fitting dresses, skirts and pants. The plush fabric feels soft against the skin and with the Wear Your Own Bra feature you can get the customized fit you want.   firm control for all-day comfort smooths and shapes midsection for a classic hourglass silhouette Wear Your Own Bra feature for fit flexibility soft, plush, moisture-wicking fabric nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #1866
Velvet fringe drapes over the side of these slip-on rope wedges for a festive edge. fabric upper 4  heel 1¼” platform rubber sole  
Lacey and lovely, our fit-and-flare dress has the cut that's extremely flattering with the effect of lace overlay that's irresistible. scoopneck sleeveless sash included invisible zipper approx. 39 length from shoulder polyester/nylon lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Faded and lightly destructed blue denim jeans from JF J. Ferrar provide the well-worn style you crave. sits below the waist slim fit through seat and thigh 5-pocket styling straight leg 100% cotton washable imported
With multiple colors, our striped silk tie will pair great with multiple dress shirts. 3¼ wide; 58 long 100% silk spot clean imported
Crewneck tee from adidas sends shockwaves through your athletic style with captivating tonal colors on an oversized logo print. crewneck short sleeves polyester/cotton washable imported
Our solid-color swim bottoms feature a modern hipster cut that flatters the figure and pairs well with almost any swim top. fully lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Put a stylish spin on the traditional rain boot with the decorative quilting and stylish profile of these all weather boots by Spring Step. construction rubber upper rubber sole details ¾” heel 13½” shaft height 15½” shaft circumference zip entry padded insole and soft fabric lining for comfort waterproof, lightweight and shock absorbent for great traction in any weather Decorative straps, buckles and quilting on the shaft  
These strappy heels are classy and stylish, and will become a favorite in your shoe collection. synthetic upper approx. 3 ½” heel adjustable buckle and zipper closure molded heel
Swirls of vibrant, chic paisley print on this bumper really add the finishing touch to a crib.   cotton; polyester fill washable imported
Bold stripes create a traditional style that gives this indoor/outdoor rug a versatile look that fits with any decor. UV stabilized to ensure color retention mold and mildew resistant power-loomed construction durable polypropylene Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Backing: Polypropylene Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended indoors to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Rinse off with a hose. Origin: Imported
This reversible belt from Van Heusen gives you two great options in rich genuine leather.   reverses from black to brown genuine leather 1 2/5 wide imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Our linen pants have the versatility to span your weekday and weekend wardrobes thanks to comfortable, classic style.   straight leg elastic waistband with drawstring 2 front slant pockets 2 back patch pockets 32 inseam 100% linen washable imported
The diamond-cut design of these teardrop earrings creates an eclectic look that can go casual or dressed up.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Back: Wire Dimensions: .3x1.1 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Which skin type is it good for? ✔ Normal ✔ Oily ✔ Combination ✔ Dry ✔ Sensitive What it is:A moisturizer infused with tsubaki oil and a natural mineral blend of light-reflecting pigments to leave skin hydrated and instantly luminized for a glowing complexion. Solutions for: - Dryness - Dullness - Rough texture If you want to know more…: Tsubaki Glotion is enriched tsubaki oil to provide maximum hydration. It provides antiaging benefitshelping the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles, and loss of firmness. A natural blend of light-reflecting mineral pigments deliver an instant glow. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates Suggested Usage:-Apply evenly to clean skin in the morning.-Wear alone or under makeup. Size:1.7 ozIngredients: -Tsubaki (Camellia) Oil: Replenishes, hydrates, and protects against free radical damage. -Rice Bran Oil: Reduces the look of dark spots and supports natural microcirculation for soft, glowing skin.-Wakame (Japanese Sea Kelp): Prevents the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles, and loss of firmness.Water, Pentylene Glycol, Dimethicone, Glycerin, Camellia Japonica Seed Oil, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Oil, Propanediol, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Betaine, Methyl Glucose Sesquistearate, Titanium Dioxide, Mica, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Glyceryl Stearate Se, Glycol Palmitate, Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Butter, Undaria Pinnatifida Extract, Xylitol, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Extract, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Epilobium Angustifolium Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract, Eugenia Caryophyllus (Clove) Leaf Oil, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Oil, Lavandula Angustifola ( Lavender) Oil, Pelargonium Graveolens Flower Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Trisodium Ethylenediamine Disuccinate, Phenyl Trimethicone, Aminomethyl Propanol, Hydroxyacetophenone, Butlyene Glycol, Caprylyl Glycol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Stearic Acid, Acrylates/ Vinyl Isodecanoate Crosspolymer, Xanthan Gum, Carbomer, Silica, Tin Oxide, CI77491.
Go with a look that easily transitions from the office to evening events with this navy birdseye suit jacket from Collection by Michael Strahan. only at JCPenney big and tall fit notch lapel 2-button front 3 exterior pockets 3 interior pockets back side vents shell: wool/polyester lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Our sporty print skort is a fun, versatile piece, blending the utility of shorts and the feminine style of a skirt. classic fit zip fly with button closure shorts: 5 inseam skirt: approx. 17 length lined cotton/spandex washable imported
These sublimated, microfleece pajama pants offer softness and warmth in your choice of classic Star Wars themes. elastic waist polyester washable imported
Because it’s time for you to shine. Every element of this watch—from a crystal-lined bezel and inner ring to a polished two-tone bracelet—is designed with elegance in mind. Using Eco-Drive technology, it’s powered by light sources, with a power reserve, so it never needs a battery.   Brand: Citizen Dial Color: Silver-tone Accents: CRYSTALLIZED™ - Swarovski® Elements on bezel and dial Strap: Two-tone stainless steel Clasp: Push-button foldover Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 29.5mm Case Thickness: 9.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7⅝ long; 14mm wide Model No.: FE1154-57A Special Features: Date display; spherical crystal   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Maidenform Comfort Devotion boyshorts redefine comfort with a luxuriously soft design that molds to the body for a seamless look.   no irritating elastic or binding fused seams for comfort nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #40862
With all kinds of pairing options, this knot-back tank top is sure to become one of her new favorite outfit staples.●    squareneck●    cotton/polyester●    washable●    imported  
Love and faith go hand in hand as depicted in this rose gold heart anchored over a diamond sterling silver cross.   Metal: 14K rose gold over sterling silver and rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: 1/10 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 box chain Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Fun in the sun begins with the UV sun protection of this cool, comfortable rash guard from Arizona. UV protection    UPF 50+         crewneck short sleeves polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
The carefree, comfortable design of our wide-leg cropped pants give you easy, breezy style that you can depend on day in and day out. elastic waist with drawstring 25 inseam rayon/spandex washable imported
An eclectic burst of colors, textures and shapes make this statement necklace your new favorite piece for a wow-worthy look.  Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Assorted beadsOther Stones: Acrylic flowers, shellsMaterials: Pink ropeClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 20 long chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
This hamper is a cute way to store and hide those items you don't want others to see. 26x16.5x15H 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
Our sunglasses are designed with performance in mind, featuring semi-rimless rims and a wrap design for a snug fit. 100% UV protection plastic frame
Put a sensual twist on a sleek, signature look in our elegant laser-cut bodycon dress with a stunning off-the-shoulder neckline. off the shoulder sleeveless back zip 42 length lined polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Gear up for an awesome day in our triple-button stacked waist camo shorts. mid rise 2½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
A little lace transforms everyday thong panties into something irresistible.   cotton/spandex washable imported
Our lamb wool duster is made of the finest Australian cut containing natural lanolin to attract dust and polish surfaces. natural wood handle convenient leather strap for storing 28x6x6H wool/plastic/wood shake to clean imported
Keep diapers organized, concealed and close at hand with this Pom Pom Play diaper stacker, featuring a chevron print body in coral, teal, gray, white and taffy with a coordinating coral top panel, trim and ties. ties allow for easy attachment to most dressers and changing tables holds up to 3 dozen diapers measures 12x8x20H 100%cotton hand wash, line dry imported
Bring lightweight warmth and textured style to your cold-weather looks with this cable knit hat and fingerless gloves set from MUK LUKS.   rayon/acrylic washable imported one size fits most
Effortlessly hide box springs and bed frames with this easy-to-change bedskirt that lets you slip it around your box spring without having to lift the mattress. innovative design and versatile style skirt length can be adjusted from 15 to 18 Polyester/cotton. Washable. Imported. Twin/Full: 39x75 Queen/King: 60x80
Revive your casual style with our bright graphic tee. approx. 25½ - 28¼ front length approx. 27¾ - 30½ back length polyester/rayon washable imported
Your day can proceed swimmingly with this classy fish pendant necklace along for the ride.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: White acrylic Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 30 long chain Pendant Size: .9x3 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give him a great graphic tee he'll want to wear again and again.  crewneck short sleeves front graphic cotton/polyester washable imported
Style and function combine perfectly in our sleek and streamlined Puma Tazon 5 athletic shoes to set you apart from the rest.   construction synthetic upper rubber sole  details lace up removable sock lining EVA cushioning in the heel absorbs impact midfoot saddle for maximum fit and comfort TPU shank provides support
Perfectly combining style and comfort, these sleek boots feature a smooth leather upper and fully cushioned footbed with memory foam. leather upper slip on flexible gore rubber sole
A perfect foundation for warm-weather style, these pleated shorts easily match a variety of looks.       adjustable waist with belt loops hook and zipper closure for sizes 4-7; button and zipper for 8-20 two side pockets and one back pocket 100% cotton washable imported
You’ll feel the comfort and love the durability after a long day at work or play with these crew socks from Levi’s. ribbed cuffs for durability and snug fit cushioned sole polyester/cotton/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 8-12 package of 6 pairs  
Stafford Big & Tall ribbed athletic t-shirts deliver the tagless comfort and breathable performance he needs.   super soft, quick-drying, durable fabric preshrunk for lasting fit reinforced durable stitching tag free cotton/polyester washable imported  
Capture your penchant for mischievous fun with our woodland-inspired intarsia sweater. double ribbed neckline jersey knit cotton/nylon/Modal®/wool machine wash, dry flat imported
Be prepared for anything classes throw at you with this multi-pocketed backpack from JanSport that will always have room. durable 600-denier polyester webbed carry handle ergonomic S-curve shoulder straps dedicated top-loading interior compartment fits 15 laptop dedicated cord storage pocket; tricot-lined tablet pocket; front accessory pockets; dual water bottle pockets padded back panel Polyester. Measures 13x8x19H; weighs 1.87 pounds. Clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Our wallet features a cute print and lots of pockets and credit card slots to keep you organized. zip closure PVC/polyester 8 credit card slots and 4 slide interior pockets 4.75x3.88x1.13 imported
Our ZCO shorts feature a frayed hem and fleur de lis pattern that accents your cute, warm-weather look. zip fly and button closure 5 pockets 7 inseam cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Designed with a soft knit outer and fleece mask, this cozy balaclava offers comfort you can count on. knit shell: acrylic fleece mask: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported one size fits most
This hooded bomber moves straight to the head of the class with letterman styling that includes a faux-wool body and faux-leather sleeves. Racer details complete the functional style. fleece hood with racer latch collar zip front with inner storm flap long sleeves horizontal zip chest pocket handwarmer pockets interior welt pocket rib-knit cuffs and hem body shell: polyester/acrylic/wool/rayon/other sleeve shell face: polyurethane sleeve shell back: viscose hood: cotton/polyester rib knit: acrylic/polyester/spandex body lining, sleeve lining and fill: polyester dry clean only imported
Graduated cubic zirconia stones make these earrings super shiny.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Cubic zirconia Back: Post Dimensions: .17x.6 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring crochet lace detail at the sides, these denim shortalls will complement her trendy style perfectly. shank button with suspenders 5-pocket styling relaxed fit flat front 2.5 inseam ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Explore nature with this dual suspension 26 mountain bike featuring a 21 speed gearing system with index shifting, v-style brakes and alloy front shocks. Stop for a picture or a quick bite with a kickstand to keep your bike upright. You can even take your seat with you with the handy quick release seat pin. Frame/Fork: 18 dual suspension frameWheels/Tires: Alloy rimsDrivetrain: 21 speed gearing system with index shiftingBrakes/Cockpit: V-style brakesExtras: Quick release seat pin, kickstandDimensions: 68x24x39Assembly Required: NoMaterials: Steel, rubber, PVCCare: Wash with cloth and cool waterCountry of Origin: Imported  
Style and comfort combine with our Brier Dolly high heel pumps. No one would guess that shoes this cute could be so comfy. technology Cushion Soft technology offers softness you can feel from your first step, long-lasting comfort and fit with minimal cushion compression optimal breathability via open-cell technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed absorbs impact and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction black: leather upper nude: synthetic upper rubber sole details 3⅜ heel slip on almond toe  cushioned midsole helps block shock and reduces pressure on the ball of the foot  
Our pull-on capris are not only cute, but they are super comfortable thanks to an elastic waistband and pull-on styling. elastic waistband 19 inseam polyester washable imported
Create inspirational lighting in your home with these laser-cut candle holders that feature fun, life-affirming words. sentiments are cutout to allow light through candles sold separately teal finish set of three different sizes Iron. Measure 8, 10 and 12H. Imported.
Featuring a remote that lets you easily adjust the lift to your preferred seating angle, this richly upholstered recliner combines comfort and style with its rolled arms, ample cushioning and welt tailoring. kiln-dried, laminated wood frame connected with two 16-gauge cords tempered steel spring system cushions filled with Dacron® foam easy-to-use reclining mechanism Fabric options: Hilo: A soft fabric woven from bouclé yarn with a textured, knotted surface. Belshire: A luxurious velvet fabric that has a smooth surface and extremely soft feel. Primo: A soft microfiber fabric woven to create a small diamond pattern. Bingo: A woven fabric that resists shrinking, stretching and wrinkling while providing a superior texture with incredible softness and a plush, velvety feel. Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 36Wx37Dx39H with a 17 seat height, 20 seat depth and 22 seat back height. Made in America.
Bright daises are in full bloom on this colorful tumbler. Pick one for yourself or a bunch for family and friends. made from extremely durable, BPA-free Tritan™ material double-wall technology reduces condensation designed to keep beverages cold or hot longer freezer safe includes travel lid 16-ounce capacity Plastic. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Red seedbeadsClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 21 long chain  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our super-cute racerback bralette boasts a sweet style and offers gentle support for your everyday activities. adjustable racerback decorative keyhole wireless cotton/spandex washable imported
Welcome your guests in style with this must-have, chrome luggage rack.   same contemporary design that's found in high-end hotels and resorts easy access to belongings while luggage is held off the floor and within reach reinforced polyvinyl webbing is strong and durable heavy-duty steel frame easily holds up to 100 lbs. folds flat and stows away easily under a bed or in the closet when not in use Metal. Measures 26.5x2.25x26H. Imported.
Walk tall in these boots featuring buckle embellishments and a sleek design. polyester upper 3¾ heel 12 shaft height 14¼ shaft circumference back zip entry rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Inscribed with the inspirational sentiment I'm glad in God's design your path crossed mine, this heartfelt pendant in sterling silver makes a beautiful gift for a close friend.   Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 Forzatina chain Pendant Dimensions: .72x.98 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This soft, 100% cotton nightgown has a look reminiscent of a day dress, letting you answer the doorbell without a need to blush. roundneck short sleeves snap front pockets 100% cotton washable imported
He'll be off to hit the books in this classic, easy-to-layer sweater vest.   v neck sleeveless acrylic washable imported
Sky-high wedge sandals offer a fun and fashionable way to elevate your ensembles.   synthetic upper 4⅛ wedge heel rubber sole  
Infuse your workday-to-weekend look with a little high-octane style in our polished sateen shorts. zip fly with hook, bar and inside button closure 2 front slant pockets 2 back faux welt pockets approx. 4 - 5 inseam black, white, khaki, fantasy green: cotton/nylon/spandex verve asst: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
What it is:An innovative serum formulated to support the improvement of skin elasticity, smoothness, and decrease the appearance of wrinkles.What it is formulated to do:Formulated with a full-spectrum of biotechnological hyaluronans from a selected fraction of polysaccharide, this serum works to create a noticeably lifted appearance of skin elasticity, smoothness, and wrinkles by number and volume. Two hyaluronans work together to create the look of lifted skin that lasts for several hours. Similar to traditional hyaluronic acid, its ingredients support increased moisture retention in the skin and reduce trans-epidermal moisture loss. This serum features phycocolloids, which forms with the hyaluronans so that skin stays looking plumped and hydrated for a softer, more energized look that lasts.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Phthalates Size1.02 oz Ingredients​-Hyaluronan 1 (Yeast Biofermentation): Supports the firming of skin and smoothing lines and wrinkles.-Hyaluronan 2 (Yeast Biofermentation): Supports firming of skin over time.-Phycocolloids (Microalgae): Plumps from within for lasting hydration and comfort.Water, Sodium Hyaluronate, Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose, Phenoxyethanol, Pullalan, Carbomer, Sodium Hydroxymethylglycinate, Rosa Damascena Flower Oil, Sodium Hydroxide, Porphyridium Cruentum Extract, Rosa Damascena Flower Water, Citronellol, Geraniol.
Float through your workday in smart style and amazing comfort with these slip-on shoes featuring a memory foam insole, padded tongue and collar, and a sleek office-ready design. technology memory foam insole for maximum comfort  Relaxed Fit® design for a roomier comfortable fit construction leather and synthetic upper flexible rubber traction sole details ¼ heel dual side elastic panels for easy fit soft fabric shoe lining low-profile shock-absorbing midsole
Our Ferrari travel backpack combines style and versatility, providing generous space for supplies and equipment, a padded laptop sleeve, separated main and front compartments, a zippered interior compartment, a padded and breathable mesh back panel and shoulder straps. softside 1 interior compartment 3 exterior compartments plastic handle nylon zipper outer shell: nylon/polyurethane inner lining: polyester wipe gently with damp cloth 12.6x5.5x19H; weighs 1.75 pounds imported
Featuring a half-milano collar and an intricate pointelle crochet style, our short-sleeve cardigan is perfect for your sunny-day wardrobe. v-neck ramie/cotton washable imported
Keep moving with our Xersion leggings and their thoughtful design for longer, more comfortable workouts. mid rise key pocket no-chafe seams quick dri fabric UV protection 28½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Treat your wrist to a classic five-row bracelet with subtly colored stones enveloped by gold-tone links.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Black, peach and clear stones Closure: Lobster clasp Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
What it is:An intense, maracuja fruit- and vitamin C-infused, multitasking eye-treatment that visibly hydrates, firms, and brightens the delicate eye-area.What it does:Refresh, renew, and recharge tired eyes. This skintuitive™ eye treatment contains rice bran, mango, and coconut, which are naturally rich in antioxidants and help fight signs of aging and free radical damage. Meanwhile, oat sugars instantly smooth and visibly tighten skin. The opthalmologist-tested nutrient-rich formula also delivers the ultimate in hydration for smooth, youthful-looking eyes. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:Maracuja oil is rich in essential fatty acids (EFAs) known to replenish, rebuild, and brighten skin. Along with a high dose of pure vitamin C that gives the appearance of brighter skin, a powerful antiaging elixir promotes active skin recovery, rejuvenation, and maximum hydration that quenches dry skin.Suggested Usage:-For optimal results, use morning and night.-To deliver firmer, brighter, smoother properties to the delicate area around the eye, use ring fingers to lightly dab and gently smooth eye-treatment along the orbital bone toward the temples, into the under eye area and along the brow bone toward the bridge of the nose. This will help instantly illuminate tired eyes and improve the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles.Size:0.35 ozIngredients​Water, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, Mangifera Indica (Mango) Seed Butter, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Castor Oil Isostearate, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Pentaerythrityl Tetraethylhexanoate, Polyglyceryl-10 Pentastearate, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Behenyl Alcohol, Caprylyl Methicone, Cetearyl Alcohol, Panthenol, Dipropylene Glycol, Squalane, Alcohol, Sodium Polyacrylate, Sodium Stearoyl Lactylate, Cyclopentasiloxane, Caprylyl Glycol, Mica, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Tocotrienols, Isohexadecane, Elaeis Guineensis (Palm) Oil, Tocopheryl Acetate, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Glycosphingolipids, Hordeum Vulgare Extract, Dimethiconol, Adenosine, Phospholipids, Polysorbate 80, Tocopherol, Disodium EDTA, Sodium Hyaluronate, Passiflora Edulis Seed Oil, Beta-Glucan, Glycosaminoglycans, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Retinyl Palmitate, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891).
Symbolizing the one who's left their footprints on your heart, this adorable pendant necklace is personalized with a name and birthstone. Crafted of 10K yellow gold. Made in America. Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K yellow gold Stone: 2.5mm round lab-created gemstone Setting: Bead Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long rope chain Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. Personalize with up to 10 letters in script font. Choose one birthstone. Use the letter key below to represent the month. A=January B=February C=March D=April E=May F=June G=July H=August I=September J=October K=November L=December
There's nothing like slipping into an oversized sweater on cooler days, and our tunic version with ribbed trim is sure to give you that cozy feeling. approx. 30 - 31¼ length jersey knit 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
Add momentum to your active lifestyle in our short-sleeve tee, featuring a mesh back that's perfect for keeping you cool and comfortable. roundneck short sleeves approx. 26¼-28 9/16 length front chest pocket body: polyester/rayon; back: polyester/spandex washable imported
With its elegant damask pattern, the Coralie bedspread adds a sophisticated yet charming look to your bed's décor.   wave edge with baratta stitch gorgeous damask pattern in matelassé construction cotton/polyester blend fabric is easy to care for Coordinating accessories sold separately. Cotton/polyester bedspread; washable. Imported. Twin bedspread: 80x110; 20½ drop Full bedspread: 104x114; 25 drop Queen bedspread: 110x122; 25 drop King bedspread: 128x122; 25 drop
Spice up any space with Suzani rugs. They'll add a touch of whimsy with a lighthearted design of soft solid colors.   wool adds natural softness underfoot durable for years of enjoyment Handmade in India of 100% wool. Spot clean spills; professional clean. ½ pile height. Rug pad recommended. Imported.  
Featuring a slouch design with antiqued gold-tone buckle accents, our boho-chic boots will be your go-to pair when comfort and style matter. Also available in wide calf. faux-leather upper 14 shaft height regular calf: 14½ shaft circumference wide-calf: 17 shaft circumference round toe fabric lining slightly padded footbed rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
With its relaxed fit and easygoing attitude, our soft stretch French terry hoodie is destined to be your weekend go-to. hooded kangaroo pockets 2x2 ribbed knit trim approx. 27½ - 28¾ length cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
This colorful tee offers lightweight comfort and contrast-colored logo embroidery right on the pocket for a style that’s unmistakably U.S. Polo Association. crewneck left chest pocket with logo embroidery short sleeves cotton washable imported  
With a stylish high-low hem and classic front pocket this tee will soon become one of her favorites. roundneck front chest pocket short sleeves high-low hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Cozy as your favorite sweater, these loafers feature a trendy angular shape and stitching with an inviting memory foam footbed and a hint of elastic on the side for easy wear. technology Stitch 'N Turn Technology creates a flexible shoe that cradles your foot in comfort shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern flex soles take pressure off the foot construction synthetic upper rubber sole details 1 heel ½ platform slip on memory foam footbed square toe elastic gore
Featuring pork-chop pockets, these comfortable cotton shorts will be a staple of her warm-weather wardrobe. covered elastic waistband with drawstring pre-washed for softness 100% cotton washable imported
Finish your earrings with beautiful lab-created blue sapphires inset in our dazzling earring jackets. Metal: Sterling silverStones: Lab-created blue sapphiresDimensions: 13x13mm with 6.25mm opening Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add a shiny accessory to any look with this cuff bangle watch, featuring a rectangle dial and inset gold-tone chain strap. Wear it with other bracelets for a bold statement.   Dial Color: Gold-tone Strap: Gold-tone metal Movement: Quartz Case Width: 20mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 6.75 long, 19mm wide Model No.: PT1676GD   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
These chic booties feature a fashionable faux-suede outer and high wedge heel for a timeless look to take you anywhere. synthetic upper 4 heel side zip entry synthetic sole  
Don't let your style get lost under the wrong layers. The Albany jacket from i jeans by Buffalo offers chambray styling that complements your cool-weather looks. lightweight warmth long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Perfect for the beach, the pool or just a lazy Sunday, our sporty comfort thong sandals from Nike are built for comfort and effortless style.   technology 8mm memory foam with comfort footbed construction synthetic upper rubber sole details padded, mesh-lined strap cushioned toe post
Durable enameled cast iron construction allows the panini pan to heat evenly, so you can whip up a meal with ease and complete confidence.   cooks with little to no oils or fats so every recipe is healthier nonstick interior for quick and easy clean-ups stainless steel knob on cover enameled cast iron heats evenly and consistently stove, broiler and oven safe Cast iron/stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Give your bathroom a fun, exotic style with these giraffe-print bath rugs.●    durable machine-tufted plush cotton●    anti-skid Latex® backing●    washable●    imported2-piece set includes:●    21x34 bath rug●    24x40 bath rug  
Dress your windows with this matte sateen curtain panel pair that will match a variety of decor. tassels on one side includes two tiebacks lined for an enhanced weight and feel Measures 84x84L. Panels are sold in pairs; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Valance sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Polyester with polyester lining. Dry clean. Imported.
Get quirky with this kitty whiskers pet mat that keeps messes contained and your room stylish.   protects floors underneath pet dishes or by the kitchen sink indoor/outdoor use perfect for any pet lover or pet liquid resistant nonskid latex backing rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces Cotton/polyester with latex backing. Machine wash, dry flat. Imported.
What it is: A perfectly petite everyday eye shadow palette featuring six flirty shades. What it is formulated to do: Create amazing shadow looks with this clay-infused, pocket-perfect version of tarte’s bestselling Tartelette™ palette. It features four everyday matte shadows paired with two captivating lusters so you can refresh, define, and transition your eyes from day to evening. The flirty, flattering shades feature lid, crease, and highlight pairings so tartelettes can create modern, alluring looks without the guesswork. Powered by tarte’s signature Amazonian clay formula, these shadows offer the same pigmented payoff, blendability, and wear time as with the original tartelette palette, but in a chic, petite case. This palette contains: - 6 x 0.03 oz Eye shadows in Whisper (light pink), Crush (taupe shimmer), Heartbreaker (brown), Wink (light mauve), First Kiss (mauve shimmer), BFF (plum) What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Phthalates What else you need to know: This product is dermatologist tested. Suggested Usage: -Use your favorite eye shadow brush to apply the mix of liner, lid, and crease shades, and create alluring, versatile looks that take you from day to play. Size:6 x 0.03 ozIngredients: -Amazonian Clay: Creates better, longer, truer wear. -Mineral Pigments: Soothe and soften skin. Whisper: Talc, mica, silica, boron nitride, zinc stearate, ethylhexyl palmitate, sodium dehydroacetate, phenoxyethanol, sorbic acid, vanillin, caprylic/capric triglyceride, vanilla planifolia fruit extract, kaolin, magnesium aluminum silicate (argilla), montmorillonite, carmine (CI 75470). (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), manganese violet (CI 77742), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), ultramarines (CI 77007). Crush: Mica, talc, ethylhexyl palmitate, calcium sodium borosilicate, boron nitride, silica, zinc stearate, sodium dehydroacetate, phenoxyethanol, sorbic acid, vanillin, caprylic/capric triglyceride, tin oxide, vanilla planifolia fruit extract, kaolin, magnesium aluminum silicate (argilla), montmorillonite, titanium dioxide (CI 77891), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77499), bismuth oxychloride (CI 77163). Heartbreaker: Talc, mica, silica, ethylhexyl palmitate, boron nitride, zinc stearate, sodium dehydroacetate, phenoxyethanol, sorbic acid, vanillin, caprylic/capric triglyceride, vanilla planifolia fruit extract, kaolin, magnesium aluminum silicate (argilla), montmorillonite, carmine (CI 75470), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), manganese violet (CI 77742). Wink: Talc, mica, silica, boron nitride, zinc stearate, ethylhexyl palmitate, sodium dehydroacetate, phenoxyethanol, sorbic acid, vanillin, caprylic/capric triglyceride, vanilla planifolia fruit extract, kaolin, magnesium aluminum silicate (argilla), montmorillonite, carmine (CI 75470). (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), manganese violet (CI 77742), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), ultramarines (CI 77007). First Kiss: Mica, talc, ethylhexyl palmitate, silica, boron nitride, zinc stearate, sodium dehydroacetate, phenoxyethanol, sorbic acid, vanillin, caprylic/capric triglyceride, tin oxide, vanilla planifolia fruit extract, kaolin, magnesium aluminum silicate (argilla), montmorillonite, carmine (CI 75470), titanium dioxide (CI 77891), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), manganese violet (CI 77742), ultramarines (CI 77007). BFF: Talc, silica, boron nitride, zinc stearate, ethylhexyl palmitate, sodium dehydroacetate, phenoxyethanol, sorbic acid, vanillin, caprylic/capric triglyceride, vanilla planifolia fruit extract, kaolin, magnesium aluminum silicate (argilla), montmorillonite, mica, carmine (CI 75470), manganese violet (CI 77742), ultramarines (CI 77007), iron oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
You won’t want to miss out on adding this colorful Han Solo tee to your Star Wars collection. Because, after all, you only live once (unless you get frozen in carbonite, and then it’s kinda like you lived twice). crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported  
Make a key addition to your Star Wars collection with this heathered tee, featuring a weathered, soft-touch print. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Add a splash of color to your warm-weather wardrobe with our supremely soft open-front cardigan sweater, complete with stripes of pointelle trim for extra breathability. 3/4 sleeves approx. 22⅝ - 24¼ body length acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
Our soft, Modal-blend crewneck T-shirt is an everyday essential that easily dresses up or down for 7-day-a-week versatility. coverstitched shoulder detail approx. 28 - 29¼ length jersey knit cotton/Modal®/spandex washable imported
Layer our moisture-wicking mesh jacket over a tee or tank for breathable comfort all day long. Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry front pockets approx. 27½ - 28¼ length polyester washable imported
The three-eye detailing gives this black leather strap watch an attention-grabbing chronograph look on the black dial.  Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: BlackStrap: Black leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzCase Width: 45mmCase Thickness: 9mmBracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 20mm wideModel No.: 53460   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Take the plunge in low, trendy necklines with our Overachiever bra by Flirtitude. Featuring pushup cups that add up to one cup size, it’s the perfect bra for enhancing your shape.   adds up to one cup size deep plunge neckline grosgrain fashion straps, convertible back strap fastener for 2-in-1 look smooth contrast cup linings for a flirty feel underwire cups with double layer side wings for extra comfort pretty lace trim at back closure 2-row hook-and-eye closure with 3 adjustments for longer wear underwire nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported 
Pretty lace details add definition to our y-neck blouse, an essential separate to pair with this season's shorts and skirts. ●    y-neck●    sleeveless●    27⅛-28¾ length●    woven: polyester●    knit: polyester/spandex●    washable●    imported  
With a casual fit and feel, our two-tone tuck-stitch sweater is meant to go with your favorite jeans. roundneck side slits cotton/rayon/acrylic machine wash cold, tumble dry until damp. Reshape and dry flat imported misses: approx. 23¾ - 25¾ back length petite: approx. 21¾ - 24¾ back length
Cute and fun, our Woodstock tie will add a little levity to his formal outfit.  2⅝ wide; 49 long polyester spot clean imported
Low-profile quarter socks for all of your athletic pursuits. Super soft with cushioned foot and reinforced toes for superior comfort.   full cushion foot bed for comfort stay-in-place heel reinforced toe for durability premium cotton for softness big: sock size 13-15 fits shoe sizes 12-16 cotton/stretch nylon washable imported
An eye-catching cultured freshwater pearl is beautifully surrounded by sparkling lab-created white sapphires on this stunning ring.   Metal: Sterling silver Metal Color: White Pearl Type: 9-9.5mm cultured freshwater pearl Pearl Color: White Other Stones: .32 ctw. lab-created white sapphires, 1.5mm Setting: Prong Sizes: 5-9, whole Gemstones may be treated and require special care; ctw. is approximate. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Designed for fine or short hair, this ultra-light formula delivers repair, restoration, detangling and defrizzing properties. It can be used alone and/or as a restorative styling product. prevents split ends and faded color protects against environmental damage leaves hair full of volume free of gluten, paraben and sulfate Made in America. How to use: Spray product all over towel-dried hair and comb through. Do not rinse. Style as desired. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.  
Brand: SimplifyDial Color: WhiteStrap: Brown leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 39mmCase Thickness: 8mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.25 long; 18mm wideModel No.: SIM2802 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail  
A commonly requested size in recipes for yeast breads, quick breads and pound cakes, this 9x5 loaf pan is also standard to many meatloaf recipes.   made of heavyweight carbon steel to aid in even heating and browning nonstick surface helps bread and meatloaf release from the pan intact and makes cleanup easy oven safe to 500°F Carbon steel. Hand wash. Imported.  
An understated yet elegant expression of your faith, this filigree cross pendant necklace is beautifully crafted in shiny sterling silver.Metal: Sterling silverClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long cable chainPendant Size: ⅝x1 longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Bali One Smooth U bra does just that; it gives you the support and coverage you rely on with a smooth profile that makes you look fantastic. flat, adjustable comfort straps full coverage lightly padded underwire built-up comfort U design cup, back, center belt: nylon/spandex center belt lining: nylon cup linings: polyester cup pad: polyurethane foam hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer style #3W11
Wear your heart on your sleeve with this sterling silver bangle bracelet for a look that's both romantic and feminine.   Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Hook Length: 8 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our 3/4-sleeve print top will energize your ensemble with a fun design and flatter you with its sweetheart neckline.  sweetheart neck 3/4 sleeves cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Add a touch of classic style to your look with this womens watch. This timepiece is designed with a two-tone rectangular stainless steel case and bracelet with a silver-tone dial and gold-tone hands. No battery change required because it’s powered by light energy, with a 12 month power reserve once fully charged.   Brand: Seiko Dial Color: Silver-tone Strap: Two-tone stainless steel link Clasp: Push-button deployment Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50mm Case Width: 18mm Case Thickness: 7mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long, 4.8mm wide Model No.: SUP318 Special Features: Powered by light (natural or artificial) for a free and limitless power supply   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Slip into stylish comfort with these loafers featuring a hand-sewn design, latex footbed and removable sock lining. construction leather upper rubber sole details slip on
Stylishly fill the gap between long-sleeve shirt and heavy jacket with this soft cotton shaker sweater from IZOD. regular ribbed mockneck quarter zip long sleeves rib-knit cuffs and hem 100% cotton washable imported
He'll be ready for game time in these sporty Xersion shorts.   2 side pockets adjustable waist polyester washable imported
Our ringer tee features a cool graphic print of Disney's Alice in Wonderland for a cute casual look. crewneck short sleeves burnout wash jersey cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring a delicate crochet neckline and a loose and flowy feel, our sleeveless A-line dress is feminine and chic. roundneck 34 length from shoulder lined polyester washable imported
Slip on these leather clogs for all day comfort and a casual style. construction leather upper synthetic sole details 2” heel slip-on entry two adjustable straps with buckles for a custom fit leather lining removable insoles and deep pocket to accommodate a custom orthodic soft, breathable fabric provides great traction in any weather side stitching detail adds interest
Enjoy this stylish and warm puffer coat with a stand collar and hood to keep the cold from seeping in. stand collar shell hood 2 exterior pockets zip front polyester shell nylon lining washable imported
Have your coffee when you want it and how you like it with this 12-cup coffee maker with a bold function for richer taste and dual program settings for weekdays and weekends. coffee extraction temperature is an optimal 180ºF  easy-to-read LCD screen  modern and intuitive knob control  dual program settings for weekdays and weekends auto on function bold function for a richer taste  adjustable warming plate with 3 presets 1 to 4-cup function for small batch brewing integrated water filtration system for optimal taste  pause-and-serve feature allows for carafe removal at any time  includes gold tone filter Stainless steel/glass. Measures 12.2x9.6x15.9H. Hand wash removable parts. Imported.  
Our sandal is the perfect combination of stylish and casual, with a jeweled T-strap that will complete the look of any outfit. polyurethane upper thermoplastic rubber sole rhinestone and bead embellishments
Power through your workday in total comfort with these relaxed-fit, brushed twill pants featuring a hint of spandex for stretch. brushed fabric for softness midrise relaxed fit contour waistband with stretch interlining prevents gapping in back zip front with hook-and-eye closure 2 slant front pockets 2 back welt pockets flat front straight leg hemmed cotton/spandex washable imported
A kaleidoscope of color and design bursts from the center of this Persian-inspired rug to create a sophisticated look in your space. SmartStrand® fibers provide built-in stain resistance woven construction durable nylon crafted in America .62 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean. Vacuum regularly. Professional cleaning recommended. Origin: Made in America
Clear crystals sparkle and shine in these gold-tone openwork teardrop earrings.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Crystals Back: Wire Dimensions: ⅞x1¾ long    Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add a little pep to your casual step with our swing tank top. roundneck sleeveless 28 length polyester/rayon machine wash, line dry imported
These mid-rise, straight-leg jogger pants feature a drawstring waist and tapered legs, and are sure to become the most comfortable pants in your wardrobe. drawstring waist flat front graduated inseam 5-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported
Sleek and slim knit with a hint of spandex for stretch, these Arizona jeans give your everyday looks luster. sits below waist slim fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling flat front straight leg hemmed cotton/spandex washable imported
With our classic straight-leg soft pants—featuring two front and two back pockets—figuring out what to wear has never been easier. 27 inseam polyester washable imported
Our sleek, stretchy jeggings will let you flaunt your silhouette to best advantage. super stretch mid rise fitted through hip and thigh super skinny leg flat front 5-pocket styling cotton/lyocell/polyester/spandex black, medium gray: rayon/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported plus: 31 inseam plus short: 29 inseam
Our tee features a pocket on the chest with a Captain America graphic print on the pocket and back for a fun casual look. roundneck short sleeves 24.5 length cotton/polyester washable imported
Ensure everyone in the room is comfortable with this effective tower heater. It uses V-Flow™ circulation to continuously move heat around the whole room without the need for oscillation.   easy-to-use electronic touch controls and LCD screen automatic safety switch and overheat shutoff protection case remains cool even after hours of operation 2 heat settings sturdy base Plastic. Measures 7.88x5.49x20H. Manufacturer’s 5-year limited warranty. Wipe clean. Imported.
Exquisite genuine gemstone pendant necklace features a trillion-cut amethyst beautifully highlighted by a frame of sparkling diamond accents.Metal: Sterling silverStones: 10x10mm trillion-cut genuine purple amethystOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: ProngClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 cable chainPendant Size: 14.9x20.3mm longSome diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
With gently sloped arms and an artfully curved back, this richly finished barstool is a welcome addition to any home. solid rubberwood construction warm rustic oak finish butt-joint joinery cushion filled with upholstery foam 360° swivel capability 250-pound weight capacity Upholstery is polyurethane. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Assembly required. Imported. Counter-height barstool: 22x23x42H with a 26 seat height Bar-height barstool: 22x23x46H with a 30 seat height
Zipper styling at the ankles brings a funky edge to our flattering jeggings. 30 inseam 5-pocket styling cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
This fully equipped Minnie Mouse notebook has all of the essentials every growing artist needs. includes spiral notebook with wide front, perforated paper, eraser, pencil sharpener, 6 ruler with stencil details, pen and pencil 1.2x9.1x11H for ages 3+ paper/plastic wipe clean imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
true Prepare and heat your meals to perfection every time with this microwave oven with sensor cooking controls that automatically adjusts time and power. A steam cook button also lets you make your steamed favorites. 1.9 cu. ft. capacity 1000 Watts 3-speed, 400-CFM venting fan system quickly removes smoke, steam and odors sensor cooking controls automatically adjusts time and power USDA MyPlate menu offers healthy pre-programmed food options and recipes four-speed with boost recessed turntable with on/off
This pleated single-panel shower curtain presents a crisp modern look to enliven any bathroom.   fits most showers modern appeal faux-silk polyester shower curtain liner recommended Polyester. Measures 72x72L. Washable. Imported.
Neutral need not be boring as our wonderful Rosetti tote proves with a style that makes you smile and colors you can wear every day.   double strap, 13 drop zip closure vinyl buckle detail on front exterior: 1 front slip pocket, 1 back zip pocket, 2 slide zip pockets interior: 1 zip pockets and 2 slip cell/key pockets 11Hx5Wx12½D imported
The rubber sole of these winter boots keep you grounded while the faux fur lining and padded insole keep you warm, comfortable and in style. construction suede upper rubber sole details 1½” heel 7½” shaft height 13” shaft circumference lace-up and side-zip entry padded removable insole can accommodate a custom orthotic rubber sole provides great traction in any weather faux fur lining
Petite with a lot of presence. This two-tone ring features a lab-created ruby to lend beauty and charm to your everyday life. Wear alone, or stack with your favorite ring for a whole new look.   Metal: Two-tone sterling silver and 14K gold-plated sterling silver Stone: 4mm lab-created ruby Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 4mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care; size. is approximate. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our cotton bath rug set features a bold tile design and a vibrant border to add the perfect amount of color to your bathroom décor, and is made from plush, water-absorbing fabric to ensure lasting quality. hand-tufted construction nonskid latex backing 100% cotton set includes one 20x32 bath rug and one 23x39 bath rug washable imported
Our short-sleeve fave tee is an everyday essential that every girl wants in her wardrobe.  short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
It's no secret, this gorgeous lace bra with gel Comfort Straps by Playtex will leave you feeling comfortably lifted and beautiful all day, every day.   cushioned, gel-filled straps for all-day comfort hidden cup shapers lift and support    no-slip straps stay on your shoulders                   lightly lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #4421
With four multi-directional airflow spinner wheels, you're able to roll your bag upright so there's no weight on your arm. 2 exterior compartments 2 interior compartments softside with corner guards water resistant expands 1 for extra packing capacity Polyester with nylon lining. Measures 14½x8x21”H; weighs 7½ pounds. Spot clean. Imported.
Classic black and white stripes get a pop of color and Hello Kitty sass with this unique graphic tee. crewneck extended shoulder glitter details rib-knit hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Add a modern touch to your formal look with our slim-fit stretch dress shirt. slim fit spread collar button front long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
With a Stormtrooper on the dial, this flashing and sound watch will help him keep track of time with its easy-read digital format. A colorful print strap finishes its fun look.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Multicolor plastic Bracelet Dimensions: 230mm long; 15mm wide Model No.: SWCKD318FLS   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Whether you’ve thrown together a quick meal or are hosting a perfectly planned dinner party, this stoneware place setting is a chic complement to any meal.   perfect for entertaining or everyday occasions microwave safe 4-piece set includes: 10½” dinner plate 8½” salad plate 6x6x3”H bowl 12-ounce mug Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
The gorgeous scalloped handles, scrollwork accents and floral detailing on this superior-quality flatware set add sophistication to both casual and formal table settings. 18/0 stainless steel service for 4 20-piece set includes: 4 salad forks 4 dinner forks 4 dinner knives 4 soup spoons 4 teaspoons Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Featuring chocolate brown exteriors with two shades of cream on the interiors, this dinnerware set adds coffee-inspired style to any occasion, from casual to formal.   durable stoneware construction tri-colored finish microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 11 dinner plates four 8 salad plates four 18-ounce bowls four 14-ounce mugs  Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Our flippy skirt is simply irresistibly cute and creates a sweet appearance with your favorite tops.   side pocket snap closure belt included 21½ length polyester washable imported
Whether you're driving the green or walking the dog, these classic-fit shorts offer stay-dry comfort in colors that easily match.   straight leg length falls at or below the knee polyester washable imported
Our plush wool rug is crafted with a timeless motif for today's homes, with soft tones that complement almost any environment. elegant transitional geometric pattern hand tufted 100% wool pile 0.45 pile height, 0.45 overall thickness crafted in India Stain Resistant: NoFade Resistant: NoSlip Resistant: NoRug Backing: CottonFire Retardant: NoRug Pad Recommended: Yes. Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces.Use: IndoorCare Instructions: Vacuum regularly and spot clean. Professionally clean for hard-to-remove stains. Rotating your rug every 3-3 months will protect against uneven wear.Origin: ImportedIt's perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep
Fill your room with bright pops of color and the asymmetrical floral design of this bright and bold quilt set.   teal, green, fuchsia and yellow tones white base fuchsia back decorative pillows with floral embroidery 4-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: quilt sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen set includes: quilt 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard shams. Polyester quilt with cotton fill; polyester shams; polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: quilt is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x12 and 16x16 Full/Queen: quilt is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x12 and 16x16
An adorable Jasmine toddler doll opens up a whole world of fairytale fun with her long black hair and colorful outfit.   measures 15H poseable arms and legs satin dress with glittery detail on skirt pink bow with rhinestones for ages 3+ vinyl/PP/fabric wipe clean imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years.  
Do laidback right in this cotton chambray shirt from Dockers, an easy match for everything from chinos to jeans. button-down collar left chest pocket with logo embroidery button front box pleat back long sleeves cotton washable imported
true Enjoy the combination of stainless steel on the inner door along with a durable plastic tub in this hybrid dishwasher that comes complete with a Piranha™ hard food disposer. ENERGY STAR® qualified 48 dBA with status indicator on the door 2 bottle wash jets integrated into the upper rack shower water deep inside tall items for the ultimate clean dedicated silverware jets adjustable upper rack that fits tall items and 10½ plates lower rack with adjustable tines and Wash Your Way customizable rack wash zones allow you to wash a true half-load in either the upper or lower rack with 3-digit countdown display with delay start sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes rinse aid indicator light signals when rinse aid is low Steam PreWash loosens tough soils so you don't have to pre-rinse Piranha™ hard food disposer with removable filter pulverizes food particles to prevent clogging cabinet depth installation to a flush appearance that blends in with cabinetry
With clean, simple lines, this lace sheath dress gives you flattering sheer shoulders for an evening to remember. v-neck with sheer yoke invisible zipper closure sleeveless with extended shoulders fully lined in polyester 38.5 length from shoulder nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Your search for a lot of organization in a small space is over with our trifold wallet featuring 5 card slots, currency pockets and an ID window. front flap with snap closure synthetic; microfiber lining 5 interior card slots and 1 ID window 1 exterior back-zip coin pocket 1 interior currency pocket 3(H) x 4(W) x ¾(D) imported
These unique gold-tone coiled wire hoop earrings will turn heads. Metal: Gold-tone metalBack: WireDimensions: 1.5x1.75   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Gold, silver and black tones strike the perfect balance on this bold, stainless steel watch from Citizen.   Brand: Citizen® Dial Color: Black Strap: Two-tone stainless steel Clasp: Push-button foldover Movement: Quartz Case Width: 42mm Case Thickness: 9½mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8¼” long, 20mm wide Model No.: BI1034-52E Special Features: date display, luminous hands and markers   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Make a bold statement with this modern, black tungsten wedding band set in contrasting high-polish and satin finishes. Designed with a rounded comfort fit interior that slides on easily and avoids pinching. Engrave inside of band with names, a date or sweet sentiment and make it truly personal.Metal: Black tungsten carbideWidth: 8mmPersonalize: Up to 25 characters (including spaces) in Script MT Bold fontJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Enjoy lasting comfort with breathable mobility in our full-cut cotton briefs. soft, ringspun cotton fabric pre-shrunk classic fit double fabric fly tag free comfort waistband cotton washable imported
This divine watch celebrates your faith with a crystal-filled budded cross in the center accented by more sparklers lining the bezel and extending into the links of the two-tone bracelet. Make it unique by personalizing the back with a name or message. Dial Color: Silver-tone Accents: 104 crystals on dial and case Strap: Two-tone metal alloy Clasp: Foldover Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 40mm Case Thickness: .39 Bracelet Dimensions: 8¾ long; 20mm wide Model No.: 69791-B Personalize: Up to 2 lines on caseback; up to 10 characters per line Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Girl-up your hoodie look with the dreamy graphics and crochet-hem on our sweater knit version. rayon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Bright colors, a bold print and cozy fleece expertly combine to make this hoodie a cold-weather favorite. hood long sleeves kangaroo pocket polyester washable imported
Shine bright at your next special occasion in these bejeweled heels by 2 Lips Too. synthetic upper approx. 3” heel open toe cushioned jeweled strap detail rubber sole
Our relaxed, loose-fit racerback tank top is perfect for working out or lounging around. deep scoopneck approx. 24-28 length polyester/rayon washable imported
Our Arizona t-shirt is a delight with colorful impact and comfort for all-day fun. v-neck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Stay fresh on your feet and look your best with our supremely cushioned comfort sneakers by Propet. technology OrthoLite® insole with memory foam top layer and double footbed antimicrobial Dri-Lex® lining to help prevent the leading causes of foot odor construction mesh/synthetic upper lightweight EVA sole with rubber inserts for comfort and traction details lace-up entry padded collar and tongue for ultimate comfort SIZING NOTE: We suggest ordering a half size larger than your normal shoe size.   
Our maxi skirt gives you a slim and straight silhouette that you’ll love to pair with a loose tee or crop top for a boho-chic look.   elastic waist 37¾ length rayon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
When the weather is warm, mix it up in these laser-cut, lace-up heels.   synthetic upper open toe laser cut lace up rubber sole
Give your bathroom a dramatic flair with this shower curtain that features long layers of extra full ruffling.   trendy styling and deluxe fabrication 7 10 long layers of extra full ruffling shower curtain liner recommended Polyester. Measures 70x72L. Washable. Imported.    
Snuggle up and sink into a good night's sleep with this luxuriously soft and warm Micro Flannel sheet set. Combined with the best comfort features of European cotton flannel and the easy-care quality of fleece, innovative Micro Flannel sheets keep you cozy all year long.   no shrinkage or pilling––always a perfect fit and finish smooth, wrinkle-free convenience from the dryer to your bed energy-saving fast-drying features not heavy or bulky––same size and weight as cotton flannel sheets fits mattresses up to 15 deep for Twin, 18 deep for Full, and 20 deep for Queen, King and Cal. King Set includes: fitted sheet flat sheet pillowcase(s) Twin set includes one standard/queen pillowcase. Full and Queen sets include two standard/queen pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets include two king pillowcases. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Micro Flannel® is a registered trademark of Shavel Home Products/patent pending.
You’ll sparkle in the sun every time you wear these flat sandals.   synthetic upper slip on rubber sole
Make bedtime fun again with our Dollie & Me pajama set, which features fun prints and colors. includes sleeveless top, shorts and nightgown polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Cinderella would approve of our gorgeous glitter mesh pumps. glitter mesh synthetic upper 2½ heel semi polyurethane lining ankle strap with adjustable buckle slip-resistant synthetic sole
Our super-skinny jeans feature a feminine cut for a flattering fit that will make you miss them when they’re in the dryer.   approx. 29¼ – 34¼ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
A swinging chiffon skirt and shimmering bodice combine on our metallic maxi dress to help you embrace an elegant look. 54 length from shoulder nylon/metallic/spandex knit polyester/spandex chiffon hand wash, line dry imported
From the office to a night out, these romantic leverback earrings featuring genuine blue topaz will look gorgeous with any outfit.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 6mm heart-shaped genuine blue topaz Setting: Bezel Back: Leverback Dimensions: 8x24mm long   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Soft and comfortable, our cotton pants will feel great on her all day. includes 2 pair of pants covered elastic waistband cinched cuffs 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garments should fit snugly. These garments are not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garments are more likely to catch fire.
Perfect for the weekend or business traveler, this TSA-friendly backpack features a zippered divider and plenty of space for your computer and accessories.   flexible softside design adjustable shoulder straps comfortable padded carry handle 4 front exterior compartments and 2 side exterior pockets 3 interior compartments padded computer compartment fits most laptops up to 17 hook allows you to attach extra gear Polyester. Measures 13x8x20H; weighs 3 pounds. Spot clean. Imported.
Providing a barrier against dust mites and other irritants, this pillow protector is a practical solution to protect your pillows.   absorbent, waterproof and air-vapor porous for breathability cool and comfortable to sleep on unique Miracle Membrane® Standard and Queen are polyester; King is cotton/polyester. Washable. Imported. Standard: 27x21 Queen: 31x21 King: 37x21 
Give your feet a sweet nighttime treat with Dearfoam terry slippers.   polyester upper cozy velour cuff machine wash, dry flat imported rubber sole
For a look that flatters your feminine figure, you'll love our slim-fit cropped pants for your sophisticated work wardrobe. slim fit mid rise front zip and button closure 2 front slant pockets 2 back welt pockets 21 inseam cotton/polyester washable imported
true This top-freezer refrigerator has ample space to meet your varying storage needs—including adjustable wire shelves, clear drawers and large door storage. #1 in quality and dependability among 14-18 cu. ft. refrigerators based on an independent study of property maintenance personnel. Source: The Stevenson Company, 2013—Market research company with over 20 years of experience in the appliance industry  ENERGY STAR® qualified upfront temperature controls regulate fresh food and freezer sections equipped for optional icemaker adjustable spillproof glass shelves hold up to 12 oz. of spilled liquids for easy cleanup adjustable humidity drawers help food stay fresh snack drawer conveniently stores favorite foods can storage door shelf keeps soft drink cans within easy reach large door storage frees up valuable shelf space adjustable wire freezer shelf spillproof freezer floor wipes up easily for quick cleanup 17.5 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage room 67⅜ x 28 x 32⅞
He can kick it in classic street style with the updated look of Converse Axel mid-top sneakers.   canvas upper lace up rubber sole
Accommodate the width of your windows with this easy-to-install, adjustable curtain rod.   1 diameter rod with decorative finials simply shorten or extend the telescoping rod rod length excludes finials; allow 3.18 clearance for rod Steel with aluminum brackets. Imported.  
This classic satchel will let you carry what you need and look stylish at the same time.   double top handles, 10 drop top zip closure synthetic; synthetic lining 3 exterior compartments and slide pocket interior zip pocket and 3 slide pockets 9½x13x4(D) imported
Add some sparkle to your downtime with our metallic-accented velour cowlneck tunic. front pockets cotton/polyester/Lurex® metallic washable imported
Welcome the weekend in classic 5-pocket jeans with a comfortable, relaxed fit.   sits at waist relaxed fit through seat and thigh for added room for movement and comfort classic straight leg design, 17 bottom opening heavy to midweight denim 5 pocket styling zip fly with button closure straight leg 100% ringspun cotton for premium soft feel and added durability washable imported  
Roll through warm days in easy-going comfort with these breezy twill shorts from The Foundry Supply Co. relaxed fit 3 front pockets back welt pocket flat front 10 inseam cotton washable imported
You'll have chic style all wrapped up in our wool-blend coat with jeweled embellishment along the hidden zipper placket. round neckline hidden front zipper on-seam pockets approx. 39¼ - 41 front length polyester/wool/other fibers fully lined dry clean only imported
Kick up your casual style in our weekend-ready rolled-cuff denim boyfriend shorts. shank button-and-zip closure flat front 5-pocket styling 7¾ inseam unrolled; 5¼ rolled cotton/spandex washable imported
Leather boots with stellar style in every detail, these fashionable cowboy boots from Dingo look good with all the fixins'.   leather upper 2 heel height 10 shaft height fashion toe removable concho strap tricot lining cushioned insole composition sole  
Our pull-on pants offer the stretchy comfort and great fit that you will love in this wardrobe essential.  slim fit elastic waist 25¾ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Metal: Sterling silverMaterial: EnamelGallery Height: 7.65mmSize: 4 only Ring is only available at jcp.com in size 4.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Loops of round diamonds show off the gorgeous center stone of this haloed white gold ring. Metal: 14K white gold Stones: ⅝ ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a ¼ ct. center stone Color: H-I Clarity: I1 Setting: Prong and pavé Gallery Height: 7.3mm Dimensions: 20.9x25.75mm long Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The lifelong connection of a mother and her daughter is celebrated in this sterling silver pendant. Abstract round hearts float within an open circle that is engraved on the back with Mother Daughter.   Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 forzatina chain Pendant Size: .6x.91 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Spread smiles and cheer in your nursery with the vibrant wall art from the sweet Love Birds collection.   10x10H ready to hang cotton/polyester surface clean imported
true Be able to cook the way you need to with this double wall oven that has a True European Convection upper oven and a traditional lower oven. Large meals are easy with capacity that fits more at one time. 8.6 cu. ft. total oven capacity (4.3 cu. ft. upper and lower) glass touch controls so you can set temperatures quickly and clean with little effort ten-pass bake element ensures even baking with heat that covers more surface area, eight-pass broil element gets full broil coverage and even browning from edge to edge hidden bake oven interior makes cleanup easy by eliminating hard-to-reach areas true European convection lets you achieve delicious results from a third heating element and fan combination WiFi Connect: wirelessly control oven functions from your smartphone self-clean with steam clean option (both ovens): clean your oven the way you want self-clean, heavy-duty oven racks: conveniently clean your oven and racks together halogen oven lighting lets you easily see how your food is baking
Our modern-fit trouser-leg pants sit at your waist, with a relaxed fit through the hip and thigh, and angled front pockets for a lean and slimming effect.    zip fly with hook-and-bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front slash pockets 2 faux back welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations 35½ inseam white: cotton/spandex washable imported
Whether you're cooking a weekday dinner or entertaining on the weekend, this colorful CW by CorningWare set is all you need. durable stoneware can go straight from the oven or microwave to your table use all the colors at once for an eclectic table setting or match the pieces with other CW by CorningWare pieces for a monochromatic look each piece stacks inside the other for compact storage oven, microwave, refrigerator and freezer safe 4-piece set includes: 2½-quart red rectangular baker 20-ounce yellow round baker two 8-ounce blue ramekins  Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Light, stretchy midway briefs offer real performance for the real events of your life, from work to working out.   elastic waist H-fly for no-gap support moisture wicking mesh panels for enhanced cooling odor control polyester/spandex washable imported
Bear hugs are super sweet with this cuddly bear from Melissa & Doug. 11 long polyester/plastic spot clean imported
A cute bow on the neckline finishes off this breezy, chiffon clip-dot dress, a perfect for fit for any sunshiny day. roundneck sleeveless polyester machine wash, hang dry imported
An elegant brooch is the pièce de résistance on our slimming drape sheath dress. scoopneck back zip lined polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Deep and mysterious black stones captivate on these gold-tone drop earrings. Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Acrylic stones Back: Wire Dimensions: 15x35mm long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Skip the time-consuming decision of picking out a matching necklace because this beautiful popcorn-style sweater comes with one attached. crewneck open front 3/4 sleeves polyester/acrylic with polyester lining machine wash, line dry imported
Rich multi-color palette of this rug forms a bold zigzag pattern.     plush fiber is soft underfoot hand-tufted for rich, warm colors serged edges for easy vacuuming Polyester with cotton backing. Professionally clean; spot clean. 4cm pile height. Rug pad recommended. Imported.
Step or sit on this handy stool to hear the toad croak. ages 3 and up for up to 50lbs. measures 15x10x5½H MDF/wood wipe clean assembled imported
Clip-on styling makes these red and gold-tone drop earrings the perfect accessory for anyone. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Red stonesBack: Clip-onDimensions: .7x1.34  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring sphere finials that resemble a ball of tight twine, this unique double curtain rod adds sleek style to your space. 1 diameter outer rod with decorative finials; 13/16 diameter inner rod telescoping design allows for easy adjustment rod lengths excludes finials; allow 2½ to each end of outer rod for finials allow 6¾ clearance for outer rod; 3¾ clearance for inner rod  mounting hardware included Steel rod with resin finials. Imported.
Extreme comfort and standout style go hand-in-hand with these Aztec-print joggers from akademiks. regular fit drawstring waist cuffed bottom polyester washable imported
Love the way you look in our printed top, featuring a lace-up detail at the front. v-neck lace-up front sleeveless 26½ length rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Get ready for some fun in the sun with our colorful, easy to slip into Mixit™ Zori flip flops. PVC upper synthetic materials imported
Give your room a whole new look with this lovely comforter set from Seventeen. year-round comfort polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester shams washable twin XL comforter: 66x86 full/queen comforter: 86x86 imported   2-piece twin XL set includes: comforter sham   3-piece full/queen set includes: comforter 2 shams   Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin XL and full/queen sets include standard sham(s).
Our moc-toe oxford is classy and lightweight to provide him with the look he wants and the comfort he needs.    technology impact-absorbing gel pad provides all-day comfort construction soft tumbled leather upper lightweight rubber sole details lace up padded collar provides enhanced comfort breathable fabric lining D (Medium) 2E (Wide)
Nurse discreetly while remaining fashionable with this soft, cotton cover, featuring a sea foam green and white chevron print with a coordinating dot ruffle, collar and neck strap. adjustable neck strap with D-ring fastener for a comfortable fit collar can be positioned to view baby while nursing 24x34 one size fits most                                                       100% cotton  washable imported
A burst of jewels on the waist of our strapless sweetheart dress will ensure you look radiant all night long. side zip 52 length polyester polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Give your outdoor living area a colorful update with this 2-pack of suzani-patterned wicker seat cushions. They're not only comfortable, they're water repellant and fade resistant to withstand the elements. fade resistant water repellant polyester with polyester fill spot clean 19x19x5 filled and finished in America with imported materials
The perfect blend of easygoing and pretty, our short-sleeve lace top features a fun tropical print that'll take you to paradise. crewneck short sleeves 27⅜ length lace polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Perfect your hairstyle and improve the overall condition of your hair at the same time with this secret weapon. Lightweight elixir absorbs into hair, smoothing and sealing the hair shaft from the inside out. holds and locks in blow-outs and other styles protection against humidity and frizz no dulling residue or stiffness free of gluten, paraben or sulfate Made in America. How to use: Infuse hair with a spritz or two to smooth down flyaways. Gently coat curls or waves before putting hair in rollers. You can even combine with an in-shower conditioner or use separately instead of a conditioner prior to blow-drying or using heat tools. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.  
Cutouts and stitching details add appeal to our classic sandals, featuring a hook-and-loop closure plus stretch gore to offer a custom fit and an OrthoLite™ footbed to absorb impact with every step.  technology OrthoLite footbed absorbs impact with every step and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction leather upper EVA sole details 1.33 heel hook-and-loop closure open toe
Slip into this easy to wear, figure-flattering dress that features a touch of sass with a embellished neck and keyhole. jewel neckline back zipper 35.5 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
What it is:An exclusive contouring and sculpting stick that highlights the face for a slimmer look.What it does:The Slenderizer creates the illusion of high, chiseled cheekbones in seconds. This artistry-inspired stick glides across skin, applying lightweight, non-sticky color that blends flawlessly into all skintones. It is ideal for slimming the neck, jawline, and nose, and is exclusive to Sephora.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- PhthalatesSuggested Usage:-To give the illusion of a slimmer face and higher cheekbones, start right under the cheekbone and apply the sculptor contouring face slenderizer in an upward line towards the bottom of your ear. -For a natural finish, buff and blend upwards with your fingers or a contouring brush. -For added contouring, apply down the sides of your nose to highlight the center.-If you wish to make your nose appear slimmer, apply the sculptor straight down the center, then buff and blend outward.-For best results, use with the slenderizer bamboo contour brush.Size:0.1 ozIngredients​-Amazonian Clay: Extends color-true wear.-Mineral Pigments: Soothe and soften skin.-Vitamin C: Brightens skin.-Vitamin E: Preserves color naturally, acts as an anti-inflammatory emollient, and works as an antioxidant.Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Isononyl Isononanoate, Dimethicone, Polyethylene, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Synthetic Wax, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Barium Sulfate, Isostearic Acid, Mica, Polyhydroxystearic Acid, Lecithin, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Tocopherol, Propylene Carbonate, Kaolin, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Citric Acid, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492), Ultramarines (CI 77007).
You'll certainly stand out in the crowd while wearing our sleeveless scoopneck dress under a lovely chevron printed jacket. ¾-sleeve jacket with button; 24½ length sleeveless dress with center back zipper 39¼ length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Class up your casual look with our slip-on sandals featuring fun jelly straps. synthetic upper rubber sole
Our printed hanki skirt offers a flirty, feminine look and a relaxed fit to wear on a weekday or weekend. pull on 31 length polyester/spandex machine wash/line dry imported
Equip yourself for all of your adventures in a pair of utility pants that comfortably keep every essential at hand. sits at waist regular fit zip fly with button closure 2 front pockets 2 back pockets side cargo pocket flat front hemmed cotton/nylon washable imported
Feel fabulous in this genuine white topaz ring with a cross-section of diamonds.   Metal: 10K yellow gold Stones: 7x5mm pear-shaped genuine white topaz Other Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 5.1mm Size: 7 only   Ring is only available in size 7 at jcp.com Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You'll love the eclectic mix of this layered necklace. You'll love the ease of just one necklace even more.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Multicolor stones and crystalsMaterial: StringClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 17 and 21 long link chains with 3 extenderJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This thoughtful SwaddleMe set includes a pod, original swaddle, wrap sack and wiggle blanket to transition with your baby and give them ultimate comfort and security during the first year of growth. includes pod, swaddle, wrap sack and wiggle blanket pod: cotton/spandex swaddle, wrap sack, wiggle blanket: 100% cotton washable imported
The Nesco electric ceramic burner is great for simmering, boiling, frying or sautéing meals when camping, boating or to use in college dorms. electric burner has a 7.4-diameter high-quality cast iron plate can be used with all flat-bottom cookware, including metal, glass and ceramic stainless steel housing automatic safety shut-off thermostat control knob with pilot light thermal fuse helps protect from overheating 4.18x13.41x10.47 metal/ceramic wipe clean imported
With front-and-back pintucked seams and a slim fit, our feminine ankle pants are sure help you look sleek, polished and ready to go for any occasion. zip fly with hook-and-bar closure straight leg 27 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
The box-shaped links of this chain necklace are perfect if you desire an understated look, especially when worn on its own. Pair with a pendant or layer with other chains for extra dimension. Made in Italy.   Metal: 18K yellow gold Closure: Spring-ring Gauge: 30 Chain length: 16, 18 and 20   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Create looks that go from day to night in comfortable style with our Alfred Dunner pants. flat front side pockets 28 inseam cotton/polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Spread Christmas cheer with this festive reindeer dress, complete with a ruffle neck and sequin skirt. crewneck with ruffle long sleeves reindeer appliqué sequin mesh skirt bodice: cotton/spandex skirt: polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Our Alfred Dunner pull-on pants put comfort at the forefront with sharp looking designs that deliver all-day performance again and again.   mid rise elastic waistband angled pockets straight leg misses: 29½ inseam misses short: 27 inseam polyester washable imported
When it's really cold outside, these thick socks—with playful grips on the bottom—will keep him nice and toasty.   cotton/polyester/nylon/rubber/spandex washable imported
Create a casual yet elegant dining atmosphere with this round dining table featuring bronze-tone metal highlighting and beautiful curved legs.   sturdy metal tube frame dark brown finish beveled, tempered glass top Measures 38 in diameter; 30H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; screwdriver needed. Imported.
Slip into this red gold-tone oval stretch bracelet for a perfect finishing touch. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Red stonesDimensions: 7.06 long  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Versatile, stylish and easy to wear, our long-sleeve gauze popover shirt is the perfect addition to your wardrobe. roundneck button front 100% cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Featuring a darling diamond and stripe design, this baby bedding set will give your nursery a clean and modern look. dotted and diamond pattern cotton/polyester washable imported 3-piece set includes: 36x44 blanket crib skirt has a 14 drop fitted crib sheet
Our 4-piece pajama set lets him take his love of Blazing Speed to bed with him for safe, dreamland adventures. 4-pieces; 2 tops, 2 bottoms elastic waistband short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
With buttons, zippers, buckles and laces, this cuddly teddy bear with a removable outfit is sure to keep your kid busy. fabric/polyfill stuffing/plastic 13½x9¾x3¾ 18 months+ imported  
Soft colors and sweet details give this duvet cover set a delightful look that's right at home in your space. soft gray stripe design with seersucker details 200-thread-count cotton 3-piece sets include: duvet cover 2 shams Full/Queen sets include standard shams. King sets include king shams. Cotton duvet cover and shams. Washable. Imported. Full/Queen: duvet cover is 88x92; shams are 26x20 King: duvet cover is 104x92; shams are 36x20
The ladderback styling of these stools gives classic appeal to any counter or pub table.   solid rubberwood construction available in a variety of finishes woven wicker seats joined with screws 250-pound weight capacity set of 2 Measures 17Wx19Dx41H with a 24 seat height. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required. Imported.
She’ll dig the unique peter pan collar on this comfy French Toast blouse.   wrinkle no more fabric peter pan collar button up short sleeves stitched down cuffs longer length back darts for feminine fit cotton/polyester washable imported
Flatter your feminine figure in all the right places with the allover tiers of our sleeveless chiffon dress. roundneck sleeveless back zipper 37½ length from shoulder lined chiffon polyester hand wash, hang dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
What it is:A multi-targeted, multi-sensorial quick results brightening treatment for radiant, youthful-looking skin. What it is formulated to do:Powerful and innovative multi-brightening complexes help to create the brightest, lightest, and most luminous skin possible. The TEAOXI® technology is white birch leaf that delivers natural betulin, betulinic acid, and ellagic acid to create an improved, color-balanced skintone. WhiteEnergy™ is a brilliant fusion of powerful natural actives to create intense, bright, and even results. Flashlucent™ is a combination of skin translucency optimizers featuring three levels of exfoliation to drive ingredients into the skin for a luminous, younger-looking complexion. Reflectrum™ is a blend of brightening ingredients boosted with diamond photoluminescence to increase the reflecting level of the skin and make it appear radiant and more attractive. It’s designed for instant and extended results for men and women of all ages, skin types, and skintones. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates Research results:In a consumer use study on 100 individuals:After 3 uses:- 93% said it created a brighter complexion - 88% said it created a luminous complexion- 89% said it visibly boosted skin radiance- 89% said it visibly improved skintone - 91% said it worked better than other brightening treatments previously used- 86% said the results appeared faster than other brightening treatments previously usedAfter 9 uses:- 100% said it created a brighter complexion- 98% said it created a luminous complexion- 98% said it visibly boosted skin radiance- 97% said it visible improved skintone- 91% said it worked better than other brightening treatments previously used- 91% said the results appeared faster than other brightening treatments previously used Suggested Usage:-Apply to dry face in circular motions to pre-exfoliate for improved ingredient absorption.-Leave on for 20 minutes.-Product will turn semi-transparent as ingredients absorb.-Wash off with water.Precautions:-Use three days in a row for improved results.-Thereafter, use two to three times per week to maintain results.-Must use high-SPF sunscreen daily to protect and maintain results.-Results will be lost during extended and/or direct/unprotected sun/sunbed exposure.-Always follow directions. Size:0.5 ozIngredients: -WhiteEnergy™: An advanced fusion of powerful natural active ingredients, with a naturally occurring highly developed complexes, carefully combined to create a potent energized cluster to fight color unevenness helping to create intense bright, lighter, and even results. -Flashlucent™: A combination of natural skin translucency optimizers, formed together as a penetration-complex to help drive active ingredients deeper with the use of white quartz microspheres, white refined pumice, and sun-dried white blanche clayall helping to provide luminous, younger-looking skin. -Reflectrum™: The combination of powerful natural brightening active ingredients boosted with ultra-fine optical diamond photoluminescence to help to increase the individual albedo reflecting level of the skin, causing the skin to appear lighter, brighter, and more attractive. -TEAOXI® White Birch Leaf: Help provides a potent formula and improved, color-balanced skintone. Water, Kaolin, Synthetic Wax, Cetyl Alcohol, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Butylene Glycol, Acetyl Glucosamine, Niacinamide, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Pumice, Glyceryl Stearate, Peg-100 Stearate, Pentylene Glycol, Quartz, Betula Alba Leaf Extract, Betula Pendula Wood Powder, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Paeonia Suffruticosa Root Extract, Jasminum Officinale (Jasmine) Flower Extract, Lilium Candidum Bulb Extract, Rosa Canina Flower Extract, Camellia Sinensis Leaf Extract, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Diamond Powder, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Xanthan Gum, Fragrance (Parfum), Benzyl Alcohol, Linalool, Amyl Cinnamal, Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Salicylate, Geraniol, Hexyl Cinnamal, Limonene, Potassium Sorbate, Lactic Acid, Allantoin, Disodium EDTA, Ethylhexylglycerin, Salicylic Acid, Glycerin, Ribes Nigrum (Black Currant) Seed Oil, Octyldodecyl Oleate, Octyldodecanol, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, Solidago Virgaurea (Goldenrod) Extract, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Phenoxyethanol.
Serving desserts will be as much fun as eating them with the retro-styled Cake Boss four-piece porcelain dessert plate set in the patterns & quotes pattern.   crafted from sturdy, quality porcelain and finished with a beautiful decal glaze lively colors and patterns capture old-school bakeshop tradition and heritage each plate features a uniquely patterned, colorful rim with a fun message in the center coordinates with Cake Boss bowls, mugs and other serveware pieces microwave safe set of 4 Porcelain. Each plate measures 8 in diameter. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
At night, dawn, dusk or under wet conditions, the Work King surveyor vest protects you when high visibility is needed.   2 silver 3M® Scotchlite™ reflective tape 3M™ Scotchlite™ Reflective Material w/4 contrast backing 4 contrast fluorescent backing ANSI 107-2004 Class 2, Level 2 compliant ANSI 107-2010 Compliant Class 3, Level 2 CSA-z96-09 Compliant - Class 2, Level 2 2 lower patch pockets packaged flap with hole for hanging on peg bottom opening bag safety harness hole on back large rear zippered pouch pocket snap closure/side snaps for seasonal adjustability polyester birdseye mesh hand wash imported
A perfect foundation for warm-weather style, these pleated shorts will keep him looking good wherever he roams.       .adjustable waist with belt loops .hook and zipper closure for sizes 4-7; button and zipper for 8-20 .two side pockets and one back pocket .cotton .washable .imported
Bring a metallic ting to your table with our round placemats, which stand out without taking over your setting.  woven set of 6 polypropylene each placemat has a 14¾ diameter shake briskly and wipe with damp sponge imported
Brand: BerthaDial Color: Multicolor mother-of-pearlAccents: CrystalsStrap: Lavender leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 38mmCase Thickness: 12mmBracelet Dimensions: 7.25 long; 18mm wideModel No.: BTHBR5103Special Features: Enamel-tipped crown, luminous hands Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Keep your professional style on-point with our wide-leg cropped pants. 22½ length two back pockets linen/rayon polyester lining machine wash, line dry imported
A fleece side panel adds a little stretch to our quilted puffer jacket—ensuring freedom of movement for all your outdoor activities. exterior pockets approx. 26¼ length polyester/nylon washable imported
A simple, tasteful white gold band with round diamonds curves and contours to fit around your engagement ring.   Metal: 10K white gold Stone: 1/4 ct. t.w. diamond Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 2.85mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The elaborate mask disguises the fact that this art piece is actually a jewelry organizer. Tassels, feathers, beads, sequins and fabric adorn the metal stand to make each time you put on jewelry a celebration. eight arms hold jewelry indented bowl holds rings 4x7x11H polyresin/fabric/metal imported  
Go from work to weekend in this short-sleeve button-front shirt from Dockers. button-down collar cotton/polyester washable imported
Every wardrobe should have one fantastic floral outfit and our Liz Claiborne dress is your perfect solution. roundneck with slit short drop-sleeves approx. 36 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
This handsome watch is perfect for the globetrotter in you. Its uniquely crafted dial resembles the cockpit of the gulfstream G4 jet.   Brand: JBW Dial Color: Silver-tone Accents: Diamonds Strap: Light brown leather Movement: Swiss quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 25mm wide Model No.: J6248LM Special Features: 3 multifunction sub dials   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Enjoy stylish, lightweight warmth all season in this soft knit pullover with subtle chest striping. Available in your choice of rich, seasonal colors. mockneck with contrast-colored interior quarter zip long sleeves rib-knit cuffs and hem cotton/polyester washable imported
  Excitement abounds in our techno print jacket and dress with vivid polka dots and a coordinating jacket.   sleeveless dress jacket: approx. 17½ length dress: approx. 41 length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Kick back and relax in classic fashion with our super-soft pocket T-shirt and its flattering neckline. scoop neck short sleeves relaxed fit, cut generously through the body front pocket- solids only misses: approx. 28 length petities: approx. 26 length rayon/polyester washable imported
Make every bath a relaxing, reviving and refreshing experience with this elegant bath rug, designed to coordinate with the Cassandra accessories.   delicate floral border surrounds tufted ivory   measures 20x30   Cotton. Washable. Imported.
Push every session to the max with our ultra-comfortable, super-fast Reax training shoes from Nike. technology Reax mechanical cushioning system construction synthetic leather upper solid rubber sole provides great traction details lace up half-bootie construction dynamic flywire for lightweight stability low-profile double-lasted forefoot provides enhanced comfort and stability
Set the mood for staying up late in our dreamy, sheer chiffon chemise, featuring shirred plunge cups and romantic lace panels down the sides. ribbon accent around empire-waist with bow spaghetti straps polyester washable imported  
Our crossbody bag from Liz Claiborne is just the right size to take along on all of your adventures.  flat shoulder strap, 24.4drop metal zipper pebble: polyvinychl with polyester lining plain: polyurethane with polyester lining 1 back slide exterior pocket and 2 side slide exterior pockets 12x8.8x4.4D imported
Round diamonds set in rose tone sterling silver are a great frame for the white ceramic of our wedding band.  Metal: Rose tone sterling silver Materials: White ceramic Stone: 1/4 ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: H-I Clarity: I2-I3 Dimensions: 20x12mmDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add a cozy layer to any game-ready style with this insulated performance hoodie, featuring a pullover design and Therma-FIT fabric for warmth. Therma-FIT microfiber fleece fabric keeps you warm and insulated mesh-lined hood for breathable coverage long sleeves ribbed cuffs and hem kangaroo pocket polyester washable imported
A quick and easy way to get your little one looking sharp on any big day, this set takes the guesswork out of his special occasion look with a perfectly coordinated shirt, vest, tie and pants. includes shirt, vest, tie and pants shirt: long sleeves, button-front, pointed collar vest: button-front shirt: cotton/polyester vest: polyester/rayon pants, tie: polyester washable imported
With a cotton blend and spandex for superior breathability and fit, these socks provide the ultimate in comfort. cotton rich fabric for breathability spandex for superior fit comfort seam at toe for reduced twist non-binding welt for comfort at calf purple space, grey/green and start/stripes: rayon/cotton/polyester/spandex all other patterns: polyester/rayon/cotton/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12
Give your business style a modern makeover with this colorful, blended broadcloth in a sleek and slim fit. easy-care performance specially sewn seams lay flat, resist puckering spread collar adjustable cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
Keep your currency close at hand with this coin purse and leave your bulky bag at home. top zip closure leather/synthetic exterior zip pocket interior pull-out ID window, 4 credit card slots, 2 slip pockets 4Hx5Wx¼D imported
Featuring screen-printed graphics with purple glitter detail, this Disney Collection tee is sure to fit into her wardrobe seamlessly. short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
These sandals feature sparkling faux-jewel embellishments to liven up any outfit. textile/synthetic upper adjustable ankle strap rubber sole
She can work out, veg out and everything in between when she's in these printed ankle leggings by Arizona. elastic waistband cotton/spandex washable imported
Our Worthington blouse is a great addition to your professional wardrobe and versatile enough for a night on the town.   notched v-neck long sleeves approx. 29⅝ length polyester washable imported
A camo print lends rugged style to these casual day flip flops. synthetic washable imported
Made from extremely soft authentic denim, our mid rise jeggings from Lee will make any day more comfortable. pull-on style mid rise 11 leg opening 26 inseam denim: cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex black: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
The classic espresso storage step-up will fit into your home's decor while still providing a necessary tool for your child to utilize in order to better help reach.   storage beneath the top step scalloped design birch veneered MDF 13x14x12 ages 3+ holds up to 100 lbs. assembly required imported      
Switch out basic bottoms for the abbreviated cut of our cropped pants when you want a slimming and sun-savvy look.   23 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
This Evolution series wine refrigerator showcases and protects wine with top-quality compressor technology scaled down to compact size. Whether you need to lay down a few bottles or store wine at the proper service temperature, this cooler is an affordable form-and-function solution, offering the features of a larger, more expensive refrigerator in a convenient space-saving size. stylish cabinet and interior stable cooling environment single temperature zone flexible shelving vibration free quiet energy-efficient design digital thermostatic control with cool blue LED display epoxy-coated metal shelves with metal-wrapped wood fronts UV-protected glass door holds up to 34 standard-size bottles Metal/ glass. Measures 19x18¾x33¼H. Wipe clean. Imported. 
She’ll love the pink mesh and cute fabric floret of these slip-on shoes and you’ll love the easy on and easy off feature. synthetic upper slip-on floret detail rubber sole
Stand out in a crowd with our sleeveless tribal maxi dress featuring keyhole detailing at the halter neckline. halterneck with keyhole center back button sleeveless 52¼ length from shoulder machine wash, dry flat polyester/spandex imported
This contoured changing pad helps keep baby safe with beveled sides and a safety strap with easy-release buckle. A non-skid strap also holds the changing pad to the surface. contoured design gently cradles baby for comfort comfort shield 3-sided enclosure for added security easy-release buckle and safety strap secure baby during diaper changes durable vinyl surface locks out stains and moisture non-skid material on bottom to prevent sliding fits standard changing tables and most combo dressers changing pad measures 16 x 32 vinyl polyester/cotton fill wipe clean imported  
These vertical linen-like blinds offer a polished look for a wide variety of decorating styles. Perfect for large, hard-to-cover windows or patio doors.   cord-free product safe for homes with young children and pets 3½ easy-care vinyl vanes have an embossed linen weave blinds are white on the street side and rotate 180° for maximum light control and privacy stack neatly when open and are curved for extra rigidity headrails are wand controlled for safety and convenience reversible and move easily in either direction easy-to-rotate louvers for precise light control decorative valance included  Vinyl. Hardware included. Wipe clean with damp cloth. Imported.
What it is: A gentle, perfumed shampoo that's designed to cleanse hair and features the soft, floral fragrance of Amazing Grace. What it does: It's time to celebrate 20 amazing years of Amazing Grace. In honor of the bestselling, award winning fragrance's special anniversary, philosophy is bringing back this fan-favorite shampoo for a limited time to create an indulgent bath or shower experience. Amazingly clean and beautifully feminine. The fragrance opens with bergamot to greet the senses. Irresistibly soft, clean muguet blossoms lie at the heart, and lasting musk envelops the skin with its classic beauty. Notes: Bergamot, Muguet Blossoms, Musk. Style: Feminine. Beautiful. Clean. Size:16 oz
For those slightly chilly evenings out, this intricate lacy shrug will look classy over your outfit. nylon/spandex 3/4 sleeves hand wash, line dry made in America RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Cushioned quarter socks from Gold Toe feature phase change materials (PCM) that can absorb, store and release heat for added comfort in cold-weather conditions.   Outlast temperature control technology arch support reinforced toe cushioned bottom polyester/viscose/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12½ 
These graphic crew socks from Nike boast game-changing comfort and support. package of 3 pairs supportive fit with arch compression reinforced heel and toe for enhanced durability cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported S (7-8½)
This distinguished, two-tone men’s band is notable for its striking color scheme, subtle texture and elegant milgrain edging. A comfort fit promotes easy on-and-off and an agreeable feel.   Metal: Black rhodium-plated sterling silver; rhodium-plated 14K rose gold Width: 6mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our always-flattering bootcut jeans, with the style dialed up a notch in a premium finish….   blasted, whiskered front contrast topstitch detail adjustable waist with belt loops flat front with snap and zip closures 5-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported
Square decorative pillow coordinates with the Sanibel comforter set and accessories from Croscill Classics®.   features flap with wooden button adds an extra layer of detail to your bed measures 18x18 Linen/cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Show your playful side with this fun decorative pillow featuring a cool peace sign. playful and bright design polyester with polyester fill spot clean 16x16 imported
A classic belt for your work day can pull together any look.  32mm width polyurethane/leather/polyester imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Say “I do” to this wedding band in 14K white gold, which is highlighted by 1 ct. t.w. princess-cut diamonds.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. princess-cut diamonds Color: H-I Clarity: I1-I2 Setting: Channel Gallery Height: 3mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Jura has developed the Cool Control milk cooler to ensure you always have fresh, cold milk for your specialty coffee drink.   designed to connect to any Jura automatic coffee center with frothing options cools milk to 39ºF and maintains the temperature within the optimal range for frothing prevents freezing and saves energy with its bayonet lock, it is easy to remove, open, fill and store in the refrigerator as needed 20-ounce capacity 25 watts. ABS/stainless steel. Measures 6x12x8½H. Removable container is dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Featuring the cotton and spandex blend of flex twill, these pants move with you while retaining their shape for constant comfort. flex twill slim fit sits below waist straight leg button front with zip fly flat front 5-pocket style cotton/LYCRA® spandex washable imported
Weekends will feel even more relaxed in our classic twill shorts. 2 front slant pockets and 2 back welt pockets 11¼ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
The classic Keds® sneaker gets a boost of cuteness with these poppy print lace-up sneakers. canvas upper rubber sole
Featuring a cute design with a bow embellishment, our comfortable booties complete her adorable look. construction synthetic upper EVA sole details pull on
From the classroom to hanging out with her girls, she'll look great wherever she goes in this cute tunic top.   short sleeves high-low hem neon flamingo: cotton/polyester all other colors: cotton/Modal®                 cotton/polyester washable imported
Be the guy who always looks sharp with these performance microfiber pants from Haggar. Flat-front slacks resist wrinkles while offering a flex waistband that expands up to 1 for maximum comfort.   wrinkle-resistant fabric sits at waist flex waistband that expands up to 1 2 front pockets 2 back single-welt pockets flat front straight leg polyester washable imported
Don't let cold weather stop you from keeping in touch. These sweater fleece gloves keep your digits cozy while you text and browse with ease and accuracy. Thinsulate™ insulation elasticized cuff with zipper embossed polyurethane palm sweater fleece tricot lining polyester washable imported
With our festive leggings, you can deck yourself out in Christmas gear while you deck the halls. 28 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Sporty, comfortable and easy to wear—our cheer shorts are a staple in your everyday wardrobe.   ●    elastic exposed waistband●    low rise●    v-notch legs for greater movement●    2½ inseam●    cotton/polyester●    washable●    imported  
Carry extra love around wherever you go with this heart charm bracelet.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Crystals Closure: Lobster clasp   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our basic leggings are the perfect answer for all of your get-up-and-go days.   29 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our open-front shrug—with a balance of sheer and textured zigzag stripes—brings your ordinary coverage to extraordinary new heights. polyester washable imported
You can depend on the classic style and details of our denim jacket day-in and day-out. approx. 33½ sleeve length 2 flap pockets with buttons 2 welt pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
A footwear favorite, our classic Gold Toe crew socks boast comfort and style you’ll love all day, every day.   package of 3 pairs combed cotton/stretch nylon/spandex washable imported  
Of all the things you have to worry about, your pants won't be one of them, thanks to a comfort stretch waistband and a stain-fighting, wrinkle-free fabric.   wrinkle-free fabric treated to repel and release stains sits at waist expandable waistband extra room through seat and thigh zip front with button closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back button-through single-welt pockets slightly wider leg opening cotton washable imported
Our Signature merino wool sport coat makes your look with iconic styling, uncompromising Stafford construction and multiseason versatility. notch lapel 2-button front 3 exterior pockets 3 interior pockets side vents 100% merino wool dry clean only imported
Our compartment-friendly, two-tone shopper is the solution to keeping everything you need in a carrier you adore. double handles, 11 drop middle zipper closure and magnetic snap closure synthetic; polyester lining wallet included 2 exterior side flap pockets and one zipper pocket 3 interior compartments 13(H) x 11(W) x 4(D) imported  
Brand: JBWDial Color: Gold-toneAccents: Diamond accentStrap: Gold-tone stainless steelMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 10mmCase Thickness: 38mmBracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long; 18mm wideModel No.: J6328ESpecial Features: Date function Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Diversify your style with this convertible clutch bag featuring an easily removable strap. metal handles removable chain shoulder strap, 24 drop magnetic snap closure synthetic; textile lining easily converts from a crossbody to a clutch 7(H)x12.2(W)x2.36(D) imported CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND. 
He'll be able to take it all with him while staying cool and comfortable in these functional, cotton cargo shorts.   6-pockets: 2 front, 2 back and 2 cargo flat front belted zip fly with button closure 100% cotton washable imported
Don't worry, be happy in cool, Rasta style with this Bob Marley graphic tee.   crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported 
Your power moves call for the simple-yet-chic look of our belted pencil skirt. invisible zipper approx. 22¼ - 24¼ length polyester/rayon/spandex polyester lining washable imported
With figure-flattering bootcut legs, our 5-pocket stretch jeans are weekend must-haves. button closure with zip fly five-pocket styling misses: 33 inseam misses short: 31 1/2 inseam petites: 31 inseam petite short: 29 inseam tall: 36 inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
With a sophisticated palette and beautiful damask design, this comforter set will bring warmth and sophistication to your bedroom. 200 thread-count cotton sateen face; brushed polyester microfiber back lavender and gray tones shams have 1½ flange bedskirt has 100% cotton drop and brushed polyester microfiber platform 4-piece set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full and Queen sets include standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester back and polyester fill; cotton shams with polyester back; cotton bedskirt with polyester platform. Washable. Imported. Full: comforter is 80x90; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 54x75 Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 60x80 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 78x80 Cal. King: comforter is 104x100; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 72x84
These adidas Athletic Stretch midway boxer briefs are constructed of a lightweight and breathable cotton-blend with stretchy spandex for ultimate comfort, movement and recovery. package of 2 climalite® moisture management tag-free non-chafing stitching double-lined mesh support pouch no ride up construction cotton/spandex washable imported
The ideal choice for the rugged outdoors, this Twin airbed gives a luxurious sleep surface no matter where you set up. soft flocked top provides a luxurious sleeping surface 3-in-1 valve with extra-wide opening folds compactly for storage waterproof pump powered by six C batteries, not included 600-pound weight capacity PVC. Measures approx. 39x75x8¾H when inflated. Some assembly required. Imported. 
Complete your Easter table setting with these salad plates. The bright color will add a fresh look to your collection. microwave safe earthenware dishwasher safe set of 4 8⅛ diameter imported
Sure to turn heads with its prismatic and joyful design, Britto Butterfly Love hardside spinner upright luggage is incredibly lightweight and rolls smoothly. durable hardside design expandable by 2 lightweight aluminum internal handle system built-in TSA lock 2 big interior compartments and 2 zipper pockets spinner wheels corner guards on bottom polycarbonate composite/polyester 14x9x21H imported
Our pretty peplum tank gives you on-trend style that you can wear on weekdays or weekends and with jeans, pants, shorts or skirts. roundneck sleeveless 24-26 length rayon machine wash, dry flat imported
Add some flair to your professional style with our slim-fit cropped pants, featuring front zipper pockets and side-slits near the ankles. mid rise slim fit front hook-and-bar closure with inside stay-button two front zipper pockets misses: 23 inseam petite: 21 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Add a fun twist to casual looks with this adorable tie-front graphic tee from Arizona. roundneck short sleeves tie-front style cotton/polyester washable imported
Perfect for the workplace, or the weekend, our sleek pull-on pants transition your polished look for endlessly versatile styling. elastic back 2 front slant pockets polyester washable imported misses: 30 inseam misses short: 27½ inseam petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam
Go totally beach chic with this gorgeous tumbler featuring a raised seashell-inspired motif over an ivory background. durable resin construction intricate detailing 9-ounce capacity Resin. Measures 3x3x4H. Imported.
Whether dressed to impress in the office or carefree and casual on the weekends, our comfortable slip-on wedges keep you looking fresh on your feet.   synthetic upper rubber sole  
Stand your ground in our durable boots that will make any casual look a little edgy. polyurethane upper black jersey lining thermoplastic rubber sole
Our ruched-waist dress with lace skirt is perfect for any event—just pull it all together with the perfect accessories and your evening will be complete. v-neck ruched-waist 41 length from shoulder knit bodice lace skirt polyester/spandex lined hand wash, dry flat imported
Go for bold with our black-and-white print tankini swim top featuring a flyaway front for maximum beach fun. soft cups partially lined nylon/LYCRA® spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Give him a modern running silhouette packed with comfort with our Nike Tanjun sneakers.   construction mesh upper synthetic sole details lace up
Simple yet eye-catching, our sleeveless colorblock fit-and-flare dress is the perfect outfit to wear to your next party. roundneck pullover 33 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Your summer staple sandal is about to get an upgrade with our fun and fancy sparkle sandals.   polyurethane upper sparkle upper with ornamental detail custom cushioned footbed superflex, lightweight rubber sole
Rhodium-plated tie bar is a great addition to any man's wardrobe.   clip closure 2¼ x ¼ rhodium-plated brass made in America
These boots feature contrast lacing and a knit collar for a trendy, rugged look to carry you through the season. polyester upper 6½ shaft height 9 shaft circumference lace-up closure rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
A trio of sparkling genuine white topaz stones sits beautifully atop a gleaming cultured freshwater pearl for a classic earring pair you'll love for years.   Metal: Sterling Silver Pearl Type: Cultured freshwater pearls  Pearl Color: White  Pearl Size: 8-8.5mm; button shape Stones: Genuine round white topaz, 2mm Back: Post Gemstones may be treated and require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Soft knit leggings in a feminine print offer the final touch of fabulous to your favorite tunic or shirt dress.   cotton/spandex washable imported  
Build up your sunny day casual wardrobe with our classic denim shorts, with a little bit of stretch to move with you all day. relaxed fit zip and button closure polyester belt 5-pocket styling flat front 13 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Are zebras’ stripes black or white? We don’t know, but you, too, can own the coolness of the color combo with this dazzling diamond ring.   Metal: Sterling silver Metal Color: White Stone: 1/3 ct. t.w. round color-enhanced black diamonds Other Stones: 1/5 ct. t.w. white diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 22.45mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These flat-front pants are an essential, tailored from long-wearing gabardine that resists wrinkling, and refreshed in a slim, modern cut. classic fit french fly front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets flat front straight leg wool polyester lining to the knees dry clean imported
Your look is complete with these aviator sunglasses. ideal for oval and square faces 100% UVA protection metal frames imported
He'll be fit to fly around and save the day, all while being home in time for a nice nap with our Superman pajamas. includes shirt, shorts and cape crewneck short sleeves elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame-resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Add some flair to your casual wardrobe with our comfortable and versatile flutter-sleeve striped tee. roundneck short sleeves approx. 23⅝-25¼ length rayon washable imported
Alone or paired with leggings, our striped A-line dress is easy-style at its finest.   scoopneck sleeveless approx. 36 length from shoulder rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Dare to be dashing with this plaid tie that makes any look leap out. 2¾ wide; 58 long polyester spot clean only imported
A chunky stacked heel and open toe give these ankle booties a fun modern look that's perfect for daytime or nighttime wear. synthetic upper 3½ chunky heel fun fringe detail adjustable ankle strap rubber sole
Bright, multi-color discs dangle and dance from our pair of fashion earrings, creating a fun ad flirty look you'll turn to often. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Multicast with multicolor epoxyBack: WireDimensions: 2x1¾    Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A touch of pink brings a delicate balance to these heavy-duty work boots fashioned in supple leather. technology Poron® XRD flexible metatarsal guard meets ASTM MT75 standards abrasion-, oil- and slip-resistant sole construction leather upper synthetic sole details 6 shaft height lace up moisture-wicking nylon lining removable cushioned insert with moisture-wicking cover Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Our classic-fit Lee jeans in stretch denim boast a versatile style that flatters your curves and ensures you look your best year round.   look and feel a size smaller 5-pocket styling straight leg cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 31½ inseam misses short: 29½ inseam misses long: 33½ inseam petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam
An oversized medallion print defines this daybed cover, while scalloped trim and unique quilting designs give charming personality to your space. scalloped trim pre-washed Coordinating accessories sold separately. Cotton with polyester back and cotton fill. Washable. Imported. Daybed cover: 117x60
This European award-winning push-powered car toy is perfect for tots on the go. Featuring a functional steering wheel, the Big Bobby Car will turn your driveway into the Autobahn for hours of fun and exercise. steering wheel comfortable seat tested by the German TUV; an independent consumer-testing agency for ages 1+/50 lbs. weight range 23x12x15 no assembly required meets CPSIA/ CPSC requirements                                                                          durable plastic imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - Small parts. Not for children under 3 years. 
What it is: A rounded flat brush designed with soft, synthetic bristles that allow it to smoothly and flawlessly apply concealer. What it does: Brush #18’s soft, synthetic bristles will not absorb product so that the maximum amount of concealer is delivered precisely where skin needs it most. Its rounded tip reaches the smallest areas so you get coverage wherever you desire it.
This light and breezy sleeveless dress is great for any spring or summer occasion and features a dotted chiffon skirt and matching dotted rosette on the waistline for a cute, girly touch.   back-button closure sleeveless polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Run circles around the fashion track in these stretchy running tights from Xersion. moisture-wicking fabric elastic waist polyester/spandex washable imported
Matte sterling silver links together to form this 24 long flat snake chain necklace. Made in Italy.  Metal: Sterling silverClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 24 long snake chain  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Getting ready for the day has never been easier than with our easy to wear sleeveless window pane fit-and-flare belted dress. 34½ length from shoulder lined polyester/spandex; polyester lining dry clean, remove belt prior to cleaning imported
There's nothing like slipping into an oversized sweater on cooler days, and our tunic version with ribbed trim is sure to give you that cozy feeling. approx. 27¼ - 30 length jersey knit 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
An instant favorite, Dr. Scholl's crew socks in a convenient 2-pack are designed for ultimate comfort with wicking to keep feet cool and dry.   odor resistant Moisture Guard® System keeps feet dry non-binding top for better circulation seamless toe for added comfort sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 7-12 polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported
A fun trellis pattern graces this thermal curtain panel to add some chic style to your girl's room while keeping out noise. helps keep room warmer in winter and cooler in summer designed to block light and reduce unwanted noise 3 rod pocket Sold individually. Polyester/cotton. Washable. Imported.
Add a creative color scheme to your table with the blue butterfly and hydrangea blooming on these round porcelain salad plates.   sleek, rounded design gently raised edge helps food stay on the plate perfect for everyday use great addition to basic dinnerware sets set of 4 Porcelain. Each plate measures 11” in diameter. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Give your bedroom a complete makeover with this 22-piece comforter set in a deep striped design.●    sophisticated striped pattern●    polyester●    washable●    queen comforter: 90x90●    king comforter: 104x90●    imported   22-piece sets include:●    comforter●    2 shams●    2 euro shams●    coverlet●    bedskirt with 14 drop●    3 decorative pillows: 12x18, 18x18, 18x18●    4 panels●    4 valances●    4 tiebacks   Queen sets include standard shams. King sets include king shams.Euro shams requires a 26 pillow form, sold separately.  
The crystal horizontal cross on this sterling silver ring is a small reminder of your everlasting faith.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Crystals Dimensions: .2 wide Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This easy-to-coordinate crib sheet features soft, all-cotton construction and a safari animal scatter print in various shades of gray. elasticized hem around entire opening ensures more secure fit fits standard 52x28 crib mattress 8 deep pockets 100% cotton washable imported
A cheerful floral print energizes this all-cotton dress and matching diaper cover. includes matching diaper cover cap sleeves pin-tuck details back button closure embroidered picot hem fully lined 100% cotton washable imported
What it is:A travel-friendly, professional-quality skincare brush.What it does:From the creators of the Sonicare® toothbrush comes the Clarisonic® Mia set, featuring the handy to-go sized version of the original, groundbreaking Clarisonic Brush. Sonic technology first changed the way we clean our teeth, now it's changing how we cleanse our skin. The sonic frequency moves Clarisonic's soft, gentle brush back and forth at more than 300 times per second, thoroughly clearing pores and skin's surface.Here are some of the benefits this revolutionary skincare tool delivers:- Removes makeup six times better than traditional methods.- Clears pores and reduces the appearance of pore size.- Cleanses so thoroughly that skincare products absorb better.- Creates noticeably healthier looking skin.This set contains:- Clarisonic Mia One Speed Brush- International pLink charger for worldwide use- Sensitive Brush Head (Gray version comes with Normal Brush Head) - 1.0 oz Refreshing Gel CleanserWhat else you need to know:Clarisonic has the power to remove 30 times more age-accelerating pollutants than manual cleansing. It should be used as part of a daily skincare regimen to provide smoother feeling and looking skin. Ideal for all skin types, it is used and recommended by leading dermatologists and cosmetic surgeons. This product is an Allure Best of Beauty winner.Suggested Usage:-Prior to the first use, charge the Clarisonic Mia handle for 24 hours.-If you use makeup, remove eye makeup by hand.-Wet your skin and the brush head with warm water.-Liberally apply cleanserto your skin or to the brush head.-Push the on/off button to turn your Clarisonic on and gently move the brush using a small circular motion, beginning on the forehead, then moving to the nose/chin area and the cheeks.-Pressing too hard will impede the motion of the brush and reduce its effectiveness.-The outer brushes are designed to contain any residual mist from the brush oscillation, so be sure to hold the brush head flush to your skin.-To pause the cleansing cycle for up to 30 seconds, simply press the on/off button.-Mia will automatically shut off after one minute.-The Mia handle is waterproof for use in the shower or bathtub.Precautions:-If you are under a doctor's care for any skin condition, please consult your physician before using the Clarisonic.
Perfect for everyday versatile wear, this hobo handbag has a classic look with embossed logo detail and gold-tone hardware. handle with 9 drop optional crossbody strap durable synthetic construction zip top closure 1 interior sidewall; 2 interior slip pockets 1 exterior sidewall pocket detachable dog tag dangle 11.5(L)x11.5(W)x3.5D imported
A stunning wrap design lends structural appeal to our stylish one-piece swimsuit. adjustable straps partially lined soft cup tummy control panel nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our fun and stylish shift dress is fashion-forward in paisley prints for a trendy summer look. square neck deep v-back 3/4 sleeves 35” length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
This rectangular rug in sun-washed hues has an ornamental design that makes a pleasing addition to any room. woven construction EverStrand® PET; jute/latex backing 0.47 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Rotate your rug periodically. Vacuum regularly. Professional cleaning recommended. Origin: Made in America
Tone-on-tone, easy-care shirt with pearl snaps sizzles with Western style.     gold and silver-tone metallic thread   2¾ collar 2 pockets with snap flaps tapered 3-snap cuff front and back point back yoke longer shirttail for easy tuck-in polyester/cotton washable imported
Great for relaxing or for the gym, the sturdy comfort of these No Retreat jogger pants have you covered. drawstring at waist tapered cotton/polyester washable imported
Enjoy a fresh look with these cutout flower earrings in a disc style. ‪Designed to maintain their consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years, these 14K yellow gold earrings are also exceptionally durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking due to a patented hardening process. Hypoallergenic and nickel free. ‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬   Metal: 14K yellow gold Back: Leverback Dimensions: 15.5mm wide; .63mm thick Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
She won't be able to wait to show off this dazzling 2 ct. t.w. diamond three-stone engagement ring set in 14K white gold.  Metal: 14K white goldStones: 2 ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: IClarity: I2-I3Setting: ProngGallery Height: 8.39mm  Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bring the fun to the party with our sleeveless A-line dress, with a lace-up front and chic pattern. ●    lace-up front●    v-neck●    sleeveless●    back zipper●    34 length from shoulder●    lined●    polyester●    hand wash, dry flat●    imported  
Get a move on with this watch. Its unmistakably handsome way to tell time includes multifunction sub dials and three smooth sweeping hands, all run by precise quartz movement.   Brand: Bulova Dial Color: Blue Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: Foldover with safety pushers Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 43mm Case Thickness: 12.2m Bracelet Dimensions:  8½ long; 22mm wide Model No.: 96B256 Special Features: Stopwatch; date display; multifunction sub dials; flat mineral glass   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
She'll greet sunny days in style when she's wearing this racerback tank top, which features glitter screen-printed design, cross-dyed neon and tassel details.  cotton/polyester washable imported
Inject some pizzazz into your look with these vivid-color shimmer teardrop earrings.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Mint acrylic stones Back: Wire Dimensions: ¾x1½ long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A swirl of twinning vines adorned with floral accents gives this runner rug organic grace that adds natural style to your space. machine-tufted construction durable, nylon crafted in America ½ pile height, 1¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Made in America  
Featuring the brand’s skateboarding mascot and truck symbol, this is one of Trukfit’s signature cotton tees. crewneck 100% cotton washable made in America
Blended-fabric logo tee from adidas offers casual comfort and sports performance for whatever your active day has in store. crewneck short sleeves polyester/cotton washable imported
Get into gear with our on-trend tank top featuring mesh fabric on the back.  scoopneck 25¼-27⅛ length polyester/spandex washable imported
Sham coordinates with the Savannah bedspread. Sham: detailed with a diamond pattern chenille finish fringe border Sold individually. Cotton. Washable. Imported.
Sophistication and sparkle are the hallmark features of this oh-so stylish Armitron® Now™ women's bangle bracelet watch. Elegant lines, light-catching crystal accents and a mother-of-pearl organic dial combine to create a timeless look.   Brand: Armitron® Now™ Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Accents: 100 crystals Bracelet: Gold-tone Bangle Clasp: Bracelet Movement: Analog Case Dimensions: 17.7x7.3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 12.3mm wide; 7 1/4 long Model No.: 75/3530MPGP Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add versatility to your look with our plucky polka dot dress and ruffled jacket. scoopneck ruffled collar on jacket sleeveless dress jacket: 3/4 sleeves jacket: approx. 20¼ length dress: approx 41 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Show off your initial or the initial of someone you love in a sparkling way. A unique hinged setting allows the main diamond on this necklace to pivot within its frame, creating the effect of dancing light. The slightest movement brings this exciting stone to life.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 1/10 ct. t.w. diamonds Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long rope chain   Diamond total weight may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
At a great length for doubling or layering, our hematite and black bead necklace is a stylish way to complete your look.   Metal: Dark gray metal Stones: Hematite and jet black beads Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 62L with 3 extender   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care; size is approximate. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
For everyday comfort no matter what you do, our Liz Claiborne striped tunic is an easy choice. v-neck long sleeves rayon/spandex washable imported
Get the full coverage fit you want with wireless support and comfort in our Perfect Coverage T-shirt bra from Hanes. medium support full coverage foam cups flexible fit lightly lined and padded easy to fit sizes S-XXL polyester hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #HU08 Hanes Brands Inc. is making a $100,000 combined donation to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation to help move closer to a world without breast cancer.
From the waterproof construction to the padded leather collar, our Corsair work boots from Wolverine are ready to take on even the most heavy-duty activity you throw their way.   technology ArmorTek™ guard for durability MultiShox® cushioned removeable footbed MultiShox® rubber lug outsole Wolverine Contour Welt® construction for flexibility composite toe rated ASTM F2413-11 M I/75 C/75 EH construction leather upper rubber sole details 6” shaft height lace up wave mesh lining waterproof
Our shortalls feature an Americana stripe pattern for a super-cute warm weather look. shank closure with suspenders and sliders flat front 3 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our v-neck T-shirt is your new wardrobe staple, perfect both dressed up and dressed down. 100% cotton washable imported
These suit pants bring your look up to speed with a traditional pattern that matches up easily with all your shirts and ties. only at JCPenney classic fit 2 front pockets 2 back pockets flat front partially lined straight leg hemmed wool/polyester dry clean only imported
An eye-catching purple amethyst is beautifully bordered by sparkling lab-created white sapphires for a look that will impress.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Genuine amethyst, 9mm Other Stones: Lab-created white sapphires Setting: Prong Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our super-cute tropical print capris bring that fun warm-weather feeling to any outfit. allover print side lacing polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Nike graphic crew socks are comfortable for slip-on wear and durable enough for athletic performance. package of 3 pairs supportive fit with arch compression reinforced heel and toe for enhanced durability cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported
The GreenPan Lima 3D I Love Fish and Veggies 11 skillet is complete with Thermolon™ Marathon healthy ceramic nonstick coating for easy cleanup and food release, stainless steel handle for oven and broiler safety and a dishwasher-safe coating for added convenience. Part of GreenPan's innovative new collection, this skillet has a dimpled surface for optimal food release. dimpled surface is perfect for fish and veggies thick, hard-anodized aluminum base for quick and even heat distribution Thermolon ceramic coating is healthy, safe and does not contain any toxic chemicals or persistent pollutants no harmful fumes, peeling, chipping or flaking off of the coating PFOA, lead and cadmium free 60% less CO2 is emitted during the curing phase of production of Thermolon coatings, compared to the emissions during the curing phase of production of traditional coatings GreenPan processes used materials—such as upcycled stainless steel for the handles and upcycyled aluminum for cookware bodies—into new products to prevent waste of potentially useful materials ergonomic stainless steel handle coating is heat resistant to 850ºF Aluminum/ceramic/stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Indulge her fashion sense with these amazing tie-dye denim leggings in colors she’ll flip for.   skinny fit 5-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported
These sneakers were made for chic everyday wear and feature a colorful camo print design. synthetic upper ¾ heel fun multicolor camo print rubber sole
Featuring romantic pleats and soft fabrication, our duvet set is super-soft and versatile for any season style. tonal gray color easily matches decor pieced together for durability polyester; polyester fill washable; decorative pillows: spot clean only imported 6-piece full/queen set includes: duvet cover: 90x90 2 standard shams 3 decorative pillows: 18x18, 16x16, 12x18
Take a walk on the softer side with these boots featuring a knit shaft with button details for a new look. polyester/synthetic upper 10¾ shaft height 15 shaft circumference studded strap rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Style a look that is all class with this 3/4-sleeve pleated v-neck top. scoopneck with split V polyester/spandex washable imported
The double halo that serves to protect the center of this engagement ring really adds height and brilliance. The split-shank sides add more depth. A simple diamond-filled wedding band completes the look. Inside lies a lab-created blue sapphire to serve as her something blue.   Metal: Rhodium-plated Platinaire® (a blend of sterling silver and 5% platinum) Stones: 5/8 ct. t.w. round diamonds Other Stones: Round lab-created blue sapphire Diamond Color: I-J Diamond Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong and bezel Gallery Height: 8.1mm Dimensions: 20.6x10.8mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Safe for daily or weekly use, this deep cleansing shampoo has oat protein to strengthen and add volume to fine, limp hair.   removes impurities without stripping natural oils natural botanicals condition and smooth the hair shaft provides added moisture for ease of detangling and increased manageability 8 oz. Made in America. How to use: Apply a quarter-sized amount into palm of hand and emulsify. Apply to hair and lather. Rinse. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.  
With a double-decker wide waistband and neat pintucks, our modern-fit straight-leg pants sit at your waist, with a relaxed fit through the hip and thigh, and angled front pockets for a lean and slimming effect. flat front zip fly with hook, bar and inside button closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back faux welt pockets nat/burg windowpane: polyester/rayon all other colors: polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 33 inseam misses short: 31 inseam misses long: 35 inseam
Breathe new life into your room with this reversible sham. bright white swirling print on a juniper background reverses to a coordinating print 200 thread-count cotton percale Cotton. Washable. Imported. Standard: 26x20 King: 36x20
true Comfortably load and unload clothes—and use the top as a folding surface— with this front-load electric dryer featuring a factory-installed pedestal and powerful steam-cleaning features. 8.1 cu. ft. stainless steel drum resists rust and helps protect clothes HE SensorDry™ with dual thermistors continually monitors temperature and moisture to prevent clothing wear and tear Steam Dewrinkle feature uses steam to refresh and dry loads of any size Detangle Assist feature separates twisted sheets and comforters Steam Refresh feature that gets rid of wrinkles and odors on lightly worn clothes left-swing door 47 x 28 x 34 3/8 shop matching washer
Separate white clothes from colors or dirty from clean with this foldable hamper featuring two open compartments. durable canvas fabric drawstring mesh cover on each compartment for secure transport foldable for easy storage Canvas. Measures 13x25x20½H. Imported.  
What it is: A jet-black mascara that lengthens, curls, volumizes, lifts, and separates lashes for a spectacular out-to-here look.  What it does: This breakthrough bestseller reveals lashes you never knew you had! The specially designed brush features staggered bristles that grab close to the root, boosting length and volume beyond belief. The custom-domed tip uses precision bristles to lift, define, and curl even your tiniest lashes. With a glossy, jet-black, long-wearing formula, you’ll flaunt luxurious, silky lashes that won’t smudge, clump, or dry out. True story! What else you need to know: Go horizontal! The staggered bristles grab close to the root, boosting length and volume.Then go vertical! The custom-domed tip with precision bristles lift, define, and curl even your tiniest lashes. Research results: In a consumer panel survey, the following results were reported: - 94% saw dramatic length and volume - 90% saw base-to-tip curl - 94% saw visible lift -100% saw long-wearing results Suggested Usage: -Position wand horizontally and wiggle from side to side and base to tip to achieve maximum volume, length, and lift. -Hold wand vertically and stroke upward to curl and separate. -Layer generously as desired. Precautions: -Please read the ingredient list on the packaging of your product to be sure it is appropriate for your personal use.
She’ll be ready to get up and move with our Asics set featuring a short-sleeve tee and pull-on shorts. includes tee and skort roundneck tee: cotton/polyester shorts: polyester washable imported
Make your princess’s dreams come true with a gorgeous, 1 ct. t.w. diamond engagement ring. Set in classic 10K yellow gold with princess, baguette and round diamonds, it’s a unique and special way to seal your bond forever.   Metal: 10K yellow gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. princess, baguette and round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Invisible, channel and pavé Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Comfortable, versatile and easy to wear, our flippy skirt by Worthington offers the breezy and fun look you want. invisible back zip mid-rise 13¾ length polyester washable imported
This product will be available for all clients online on February 29 and in stores on March 14. What it is: A double-ended foundation brush for customizable, all-over coverage. What it does: Sweep on your ideal level of foundation coverage with this two-in-one complexion-perfecting tool. Featuring an angled design, the smaller brush end is ideal for targeting and covering around the contours of the face, minimizing the look of redness, dark circles, and fine lines on areas that include the nose and the eye area. Use the larger, flat brush end to buff and blend on all-over coverage for an instant airbrushed effect. What else you need to know: This brush was custom designed for the Rainforest of the Sea™ water foundation SPF 15 (sold separately) to achieve your perfect level of moisture-rich coverage. This product is cruelty-free.Suggested Usage: -Dispense two to three drops of foundation directly onto brush, then gently buff onto skin in circular motions. -Use the smaller, angled side of brush to blend around smaller contours of the face, such as the nose and under the eyes. -Use the larger, flat side of brush to apply all-over coverage onto larger areas of the face, such as the cheeks, forehead, and chin.
Our lightweight performance tee from Xersion features Quick Dri® technology that wicks away moisture so you stay cool and dry. T-shirt also features a touch of spandex for stretchability when going through your workout.   great for layering short sleeves hemmed cuffs and bottom polyester washable imported
What it is: A series of lipsticks that offer intense color and exceptional coverage in satin or matte finishes. What it does: This collection of addictive shades looks radiant on lips upon application. The panoply of irresistible colors range from bright nudes to deep black through candy pink, poppy red, and vibrant coral. The unique, highly pigmented formula dresses up lips with an intense veil that covers evenly and reveals color on lighter to very dark skins perfectly. The lips stay comfortable and the color impeccable for up to eight hours. What it is formulated without: - Parabens Size:0.11 ozIngredients:Coco-Caprylate/Caprate, Octyldodecanol, Isostearyl Neopentanoato, Candelilla Wax, Kaolin, Microcrystalline Wax, Bisdiglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Ozokerite, Methoxy Peg-17 / Methoxy Peg-11 / Hdi Crosspolymer, Lecithin, Fragrance, Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Citric Acid. May contain: CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), CI 75470 (Carmine), CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake, Red 7, Red 6), CI 17200 (Red 33), CI 45410 (Red 28 Lake, Red 27), CI 15985 (Yellow 6 Lake), CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), CI 77163 (Bismuth Oxichloride), CI 45380 (Red 22, Red 21).
Offering water-resistant cushioning, our Benassi slide sandals are an excellent choice for all her outdoor activities. construction synthetic/rubber upper injected Phylon foam midsole and outsole for lightweight comfort synthetic/rubber sole details slip on
Haggar Cool 18 pants are a smart and stylish choice for weekday to weekend. These moisture-wicking, no-iron pants keep you cool, dry and looking pressed. no-iron fabric Cool 18® moisture-wicking technology classic fit sits at waist hidden expandable waistband 2 front off-seam pockets 2 back button-through welt pockets flat front hemmed polyester washable imported
Add the look of iconic denim to your style with our sleeveless shirtdress. collarneck sleeveless tie belt approx. 36½-39 length from shoulder denim tencel washable imported
Keep water off your girl's feet with these adorable striped rain shoes that add a cute look to her rainy day outfits. synthetic upper padded insole waterproof side buckle ornament synthetic sole
Our Levi's relaxed shorts let you join in the warm weather fun with confidence boosting fit and fashion.   5 pockets relaxed fit rolled hem 7 inseam cotton/elastane washable imported  
Our Van Heusen slim plaid tie gives you a finishing touch that puts you ahead of the rest with meticulous fashion sense. 2¾ wide; 57 long wool/polyester spot clean only imported
Take it easy with these wedge sandals featuring elastic straps for a comfortable, easy fit. synthetic and elastic upper 2¾ wedge heel strappy design rubber sole
Show the love with this heart stretch bracelet. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.   Metal: Gold-tone metal   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With their strappy look and ankle-hugging design, these gladiator sandals make a fierce addition to your warm-weather outfits. synthetic upper ⅕ heel back zip entry t-strap toe rubber sole
The luxuriously soft King Charles sham coordinates perfectly with King Charles matelassé bedding for a classic look that never goes out of style.   features matelassé quilted stitching technique available in 8 mix-and-match colors measures 20x26 Coordinating accessories sold separately. Sold individually. Cotton. Washable. Imported.
Get some extra protection from the sun while you're in the water with our moisture-wicking swim tee.  UPF 40+ sun protection Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric crewneck short sleeves flat seams for reduced chafing polyester washable imported
He'll be the definition of dapper in this adorable tie.   2.5 wide polyester spot clean only imported
This AirScape Lite canister set is a revolution in food storage. The patented inner lid forces air out of the compartment, away from food and locks it out. The absence of air in your canisters limits the amount of oxidization and bacterial growth that can occur, thus preserving the contents. patented valve forces air out, then locks the lid in place canisters are made from a durable, BPA-free plastic durable construction resists scratching and staining stackable to save space though originally designed for coffee storage, these canisters are also perfect for tea, flour, sugar, spices, cereal, seeds, nuts, cookies and so much more 3-piece set includes: 1 small canister with lid: 4½x4½x3½H; holds approx. ½ pound of coffee 1 medium canister with lid: 4½x4½x7H; holds approx. 1 pound of coffee 1 large canister with lid: 4½x4½x10½H; holds approx. 2 pounds of coffee Plastic. Canisters are dishwasher safe; hand wash inner lids. Imported.  
Keep lounge time cozy with this comfortable French terry crewneck tee in a classic fit. French terry fabric crewneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Soft and luxurious, this rectangular rug is a must-have for your home. A traditional design and beautiful color palette will give any room a timeless look.   power-loomed polypropylene crafted in Belgium .393 pile height        Stain Resistant: Yes      Fade Resistant: No      Slip Resistant: No      Fire Retardant: Yes      Rug Pad Recommended: Yes      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Spot clean      Origin: Imported
As unique as your love, this distinctive wedding band is designed with a series of embossed Celtic trinity knots that really stand out.   Metal: Gray stainless steel Dimensions: 2x9mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The fantastic fit of our Made for Life capris will have you wearing them for lounging as well as fitness.   mid rise shirred hem with tie 21 inseam black: cotton/spandex charcoal: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
With its colorful embroidered design, this decorative pillow is like having a party every day. bold solid blue with colorful embroidered details coordinating solid on back measures 18x18 Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
This stovetop coffee maker works just like you electric ones while being stylish, functional and capable of making delicious coffee. 18/10 stainless steel heat-proof ergonomic handle and lid Stainless steel. Measures 3.75x5x6.8H. Hand wash. Imported.  
Up your style on the golf course with these colorful and functional shorts, featuring an above-the-knee length that won't get in the way of your swing.   sits at waist flat front cargo pocket 10½ inseam polyester washable imported
Brand: Invicta®Dial Color: Silver-toneAccents: CrystalsStrap: Silver-tone stainless steel linkMovement: AnalogWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 38mmCase Thickness: 11.3mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.26 long; 20mm wideModel No.: 18753Special Features: Multifunction Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our mid-rise slouch boots with accent straps and antique-finished buckle embellishments offer a comfortable approach to your chicest look yet. Also available in wide calf. faux-leather upper 12 shaft height regular calf: 14 shaft circumference wide calf: 16 shaft circumference pull-on entry topstitching round toe fabric lining slightly padded footbed textured rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
Enjoy your favorite brew on the go or at home with this set of mugs featuring a collage of colorful text.   durable porcelain construction go mug features a removable top and temperature sleeve stay mug features an easy-grip handle microwave safe 2-piece set includes: 14-ounce go mug 13-ounce stay mug Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Soft and warm pullover hoodie from Nike is an athletic essential, punctuated with an embroidered, center chest Swoosh. brushed-back fleece is soft and warm hood with drawstring long sleeves rib-knit cuffs and hem kangaroo pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring an elegant quatrefoil bottom, distinct fretwork pattern and silver nailhead detailing, this gorgeous ottoman effortlessly brings any room’s decor together. solid plywood frame glued, stapled and corner-blocked joinery cushion filled with high-density upholstery foam Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 18Wx18Dx18H. Imported.
  When you're redecorating, don't forget the pillow forms! Economical synthetic fill puts the plump back into your pillows without draining your decorating budget.     resilient polyester fiberfill is hypoallergenic ideal for redecorating; simply fluff prior to inserting for the most desirable fit add new loftiness to old pillows that have gone flat overstuffed for cushiony comfort 150 thread-count cotton/polyester covers. Measures 26x26. Washable. Made in America.  
Our sleeveless blouson maxi dress features intricate trim, an elegant drape and a chic novelty hem to make it a fun, fashionable piece.  high neck halter sleeveless elastic waistband 55½ length from shoulder lined polyester washable imported
Get ready for warm weather in our sleeveless tie-dyed top—made of lightweight fabric that's perfect for those sunny days. notched collarneck sleeveless approx. 28-30 length rayon/polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Featuring a herringbone-print chevron pattern, this shower curtain gives your bathroom an updated and modern look. shower curtain liner is recommended 72x72H polyester washable imported
Cute and practical, you'll be glad you have our 2-pack of changing pad covers. includes 2 changing pad covers 21x31x4H polyester washable imported
Add a calm floral pattern to your bathroom with our soft cotton bath towel collection. coordinating accessories easy care pin tuck embroidery bath towel: 25x50 hand towel: 26x16 fingertip towel: 18x11 100% cotton washable imported Care tip: Some lint may be observed in the first few launderings of towels, and will diminish with each subsequent laundering. This does not affect the look, feel or performance of your towels. Please follow the recommended care instructions on the label and keep the lint trap clean on your dryer.
Stay on pace while keeping your look sharp in these chevron-patterned dress pants from Van Heusen. With wicking and anti-wrinkle properties and a crisp permanent crease, you’ll look your best from morning commute to after-hours dinner. premium no-iron fabric moisture wicking flex waistand comfort stretch permanent crease UPF 50 sun protection sits at the waist straight fit through seat and thigh zip fly with hook-and-eye closure flat front slant front pockets back button-through welt pockets straight leg hemmed polyester washable imported
Nothing is as versatile in the kitchen as a good skillet. With this two-piece hard-anodized skillet set, you'll be ready to tackle just about any cooking task.   heavy-gauge aluminum construction delivers quick, even heating and resists warping nonstick coating makes cleanup easy silicone coating on the steel handles provides a secure grip oven safe to 350ºF 2-piece set includes: 8 skillet 10 skillet Aluminum/steel/silicone. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
This grand ring showcases a full 1 ct. t.w. of diamonds in clever ways. Open-design petals cradle duos of diamonds while a round center stone radiates outward. Outlines of more diamonds enhance the brilliance of this white gold ring.   Metal: 10K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a ¼ ct. round center stone Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong and pavé Dimensions: 21.96x28.22 Gallery Height: 9.5mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Classic style and comfort come together in our Nike Cortez toddler shoes.   technology   full-length Phylon midsole for premium comfort   construction   leather upper synthetic/rubber sole   details   lace up
Our classic crewneck cable-knit sweater gets a casual update with a flatteringly comfortable fit. approx. 27 - 28¼ length cotton/acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
Easy to clean and designed to hold anything from food to personal items, this cooler tote makes picnicking a walk in the park. double straps for handheld carrying or shoulder toting exterior zippered security pocket heat-sealed, water-resistant interior liner 24-can capacity Polyester with PVC liner. Measures 21x8.7x13H. Wipe clean. Imported.
This classic, modern toothbrush holder gives your bathroom a clean, refreshed look. bright white color matches any decor subtle textured lines add style coordinating accessories sold separately 3.62x3.62x3.93H durable resin hand wash imported
Blending natural materials with a weatherworn rubbed finish, this furniture turns your bedroom space into an island-inspired retreat. Choose a bed or headboard to fit your style preference.   mahogany and woven wicker construction with leather-wrapped accents butt-joint joinery bed and headboard feature carved pineapple finials and interior padding nightstand features 3 storage drawers with side-mounted metal glides Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported. Queen bed: 65Wx89Dx53H King bed: 81Wx89Dx53H Full/Queen headboard: 65Wx4Dx53H King/Cal. King headboard: 81Wx4Dx53H Nightstand: 21Wx18Dx25H
School-approved and kid-adored—this skirt features all-around pleats and her favorite top of the class look.   side zipper and button closure all-around permanent pleats falls below the knee polyester washable imported  
A thoughtful gift of love, this promise ring boasts a heart-shaped center set with a single diamond accent and two extra diamonds placed on the textured split shanks.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong and bead Gallery Height: 23.2mm   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A flower ornament lends fresh style to these comfy jelly sandals. synthetic/metallic/acrylic upper synthetic sole
A deep v-neck on our short-sleeve tee by Arizona makes it stylish, fun and chic. approx. 26¼-30¼ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Find contemporary style and total comfort with our Stacy Adams Connelly men's shoes.   leather upper square toe slip-on comfortable fit suede lining rubber sole  
Warm up with a stylish mix of color and texture in this shaker fleece jacket from IZOD. lightweight warmth mockneck zip front vertical chest zip pocket zip handwarmer pockets polyester washable imported
Look your best at home, in the office or on the road with this deluxe 10-piece travel kit.   designed for your grooming and travel needs compact style lets you take it with you black case keeps everything together and organized 10-piece set includes:   razor with blade toothbrush clothes brush scissors tweezer mirror nail clipper nail file comb manicure tool Stainless steel. Case measures 6x1½x8H. Rinse tools after use. Imported.  
Featuring a delicate v-neck and a light and breezy lace pattern, our fully lined fit-and-flare dress is the picture of whimsy. sleeveless center-back invisible zipper closure 42½ length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Our dress pants give you a modern slim-fit look, but are stretchy enough that you'll stay comfortable in them all day.   slim fit sits at waist button closure with hook and eye 4-pocket styling flat front cotton/spandex dry clean only imported
Get all your laundry needs done with this multipurpose laundry station. This laundry center features a built-in ironing board, dual laundry sorter, iron rest and hanging bar.   ironing board measures 14x43”L thick foam and heat resistant pad on board cotton/canvas cover provides a smooth ironing surface integrated steel wire iron rest sorter features two removable mesh laundry bags rolling casters with locking wheels allow for easy movement entire unit folds down flat for easy storage Cotton/canvas cover, nylon bags and steel frame. Unit measures 51.2x14.1x68.9”H. Imported.
Awaken your tabletop with stunning design and colors. These bowls serve fruit salad, ice cream, cobblers and more with inviting charm.   durable stoneware construction reactive glazed finish perfect for entertaining and everyday dining microwave safe each has a 9-ounce capacity set of 2 Stoneware. Each measures 4½ in diameter. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Slip our textured swing jacket on over your favorite office-worthy pieces for a look that's as confident as you are. front zipper approx. 24⅞ - 26⅞ front length polyester/cotton/rayon/spandex body polyester lining washable imported
These rugs feature meandering vines of lilies and a tone-on-tone field of a scrolling leaf patterns.   dye-injection technology creates high-def patterns durable fiber is great for high-traffic areas heat-set construction for long-lasting color fast-drying to resist piling and fuzzing slip-resistant embossed latex back printed construction highly durable nylon crafted in America ¼ pile height; ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes  Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex  Fire Retardant: Yes  Rug Pad Recommended: No  Use: Indoor  Care Instructions: Washable Origin: Made in America  
Rock sunny style with these sweet wedges in a bright color with an adjustable ankle strap. textile/synthetic upper 4⅛ wedge heel faux-suede top straps adjustable ankle strap rubber sole
Featuring luxurious fabric, bold, cushiony seats and two cup holders with dual USB ports, this reclining loveseat is all you need to cozy up on cloud nine in your very own home. hardwood, engineered wood and metal frame glued, blocked and stapled joinery metal unitized seat box low melt fiber and foam cushions corner-blocked frame with reinforced seat and footrest 2 end seats recline tight back and seat cushions thick, padded armrests pull-tab reclining motion console with 2 cup holders, dual USB ports and storage polyester upholstery clean with water-based shampoo or foam upholstery cleaner 81Wx42Dx43H with a 21 seat height, 23 seat depth and 24 seat back height Assembled in the United States with global components Signature Design by Ashley® is a registered trademark of Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.
This colorful sheet set will have them howling with joy—your little pup will be begging to join the Paw Patrol pack as they discover the true meaning of teamwork and protect Adventure Bay Community. reversible pillowcases colorful sheets with images of Paw Patrol Puppies 3-piece Twin sheet set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase 4-piece Twin sheet set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Coordinating accessories sold separately. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 30x20 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20  
Get up to speed on your saber knowledge with this fun tee from Fifth Sun™, which breaks down how the “elegant weapon” works. big and tall fit crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported  
Featuring flower details and an adjustable strap, these strappy sandals are perfect with a sundress. synthetic upper adjustable strap closure fabric flower detail rubber sole
A good-fitting pair of denim shorts are a must-have for any warm-weather wardrobe, and our roll-cuff shorts are the perfect choice. zip-and-button closure 5-pocket styling  cotton/Lycra® spandex washable imported
Get active in the cool breathability of our short-sleeve piqué knit polo shirt. open-front placket cotton/spandex washable imported
Engineered for flexibility and shock absorption, these waterproof work boots help you take on the toughest workday with ease. technology MultiShox® slip-resistant outsole and removable full-cushion insole Contour Welt® construction construction leather/suede/synthetic upper mesh lining rubber sole details 6 shaft lace up lightweight midsole Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
Sporty stripes take shape on this Euro pillow to add dimension to your bed. decorative cord detailing measures 26x26 Sold individually. Cotton/polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Every wardrobe ought to have a versatile go-anywhere suit jacket, like this wool gabardine coat from Stafford.   wrinkle resistant  big & tall fit breathable fabric naturally dirt and water resistant 1 chest pocket 2 back side vents wool acetate dry clean only imported
Intricate blue metalwork adds intrigue to these flower drop earrings.   Metal: Blue and silver-tone metal Stones: White and pink stones Back: Wire Dimensions: 1x2¼ long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail
What it is:A rich, two-phase cleanser that purifies, decongests, gently exfoliates, and removes all makeup.What it does:This powerful cleanser deeply cleanses, refines, smooths, and removes makeup. It delivers a refreshed, radiant, and replenished complexion. Complete with a complimentary stay-warm cloth, skin will feel softer, firmer, and smoothernever dry or tight.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Phthalates Suggested Usage:-Apply to dry skin and gently massage over the face, neck, and closed eyes to remove dirt, makeup, and loosen dead skin cells.-Rinse hot cloth in warm water and place over face to open pores.-Lightly polish off the cleanser to reveal purified, refreshed skin.-Rinse face with cool water to close pores. Size5.1 oz Ingredients​-Vitamin P from Rosa Centifolia: Decongests and soothes.-Triglycerides from Cocoa Seed Butter: Improve the skin barrier functions against moisture loss.-Rosa Damascena from Damask Rose Petals: Relieves and soothes skin.Rosa Damascena Flower Water, Capric/Caprylic Triglyceride, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Cetearyl Alcohol, Theobroma Cacao (Cocoa) Seed Butter, Stearyl Olivate, Cera Alba (Beeswax), Glycerin, Cetearyl Glucoside, Phenoxyethanol, Oryzanol, Sodium Hydroxymethylglycinate, Tocopherol, Xanthan Gum, Citric Acid, Rosa Damascena Flower Oil, Parfum (Fragrance), Rosa Centifolia Flower Extract, Pelargonium Graveolens Flower oil, Cymbopogon Martini Oil, Geraniol, Citronellol.
She'll make a splash at the beach or the pool when she sports this fun and flashy leopard foil tankini. nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Your active lifestyle demands workout wear with a great fit, stretch and style, and our performance cropped leggings can meet the challenge.  straight leg elastic waistband 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
The vintage-inspired motifs of these rugs in decor-friendly colors and patterns enhance the look of your kitchen. saxony cut helps to hide foot prints and vacuum lines serged edges to resist fraying heat-set construction for long-lasting color printed in America highly durable nylon slip-resistant back ¼ pile height; ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex/post-consumer recycled product Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable Origin: Made in America 
Chambray construction with mechanic stretch lends modern style to this poplin dress shirt from JF J. Ferrar. spread collar double-folded placket reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked mechanical stretch 100% cotton washable imported
Show off your feminine side in our long-sleeve off-the-shoulder top. long sleeves approx. 23¼-24½ length polyester washable imported 
This insulated lunch bag is a fun and stylish way to take meals on the go. The removable ice pack keeps your food cool until you're ready to eat.   two 1½-wide shoulder straps secure magnetic-snap closure includes nontoxic, reusable, hard plastic ice pack extra-thick insulation keeps food cool and fresh gray PEVA lining is easy to clean and PVC free interior mesh pocket holds ice pack and other small belongings Cotton canvas with PEVA liner; cotton canvas straps. Measures 6x9x7¾H; ice pack measures 4½x7. Hand wash. Imported.  
Chevron and matelassé designs come together on this oblong decorative pillow to create alternating pleat detailing for added dimension. chevron jacquard back trimmed with a textured woven gimp and delicate twist cord measures 18x12 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Swim or soak up some rays in these brushed microfiber shorts with colorblock sides. elastic waist with lace-up closure for a snug, comfortable fit built-in mesh brief for comfort, breathability and support contrasting colorblock side panels mesh-lined side pockets internal pocket for small-item storage 11 inseam polyester washable imported  
This easy-to-maintain linen-blend shirt is a breathable take on the classic button-front. point collar button front linen/cotton washable imported
With awesome colors and winning comfort, your champion will want a pair of these shorts in every print. elastic waist with interior drawstring polyester washable imported
Make it easy to indulge in aquatic action with this amazing sport watch featuring 500-meter water resistance, precise quartz movement and a mixed-material strap.   Brand: Invicta Dial Color: Black Strap: Black silicone and stainless steel Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 500m Case Width: 52mm Case Thickness: 20mm Bracelet Dimensions: 210mm long; 31mm wide Model No.: 18552 Special Features: Titanium accents; stopwatch; date display; retrograde day of the week; flame fusion crystal   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add this men's black leather strap watch with silver-tone bezel to any style for a fresh, cool look.  Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: BlackStrap: Black leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzCase Width: 42mmCase Thickness: 8mmBracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 20mm wideModel No.: 53523Special Features: Chronograph look   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Strappy slingback sandals adorned in pretty pinhead stud detail give your outfit a dose of dazzle.   satin polyester upper 3¼ heel slingback strap with buckle composition leather sole
With a cushioned insole and cutout design, our pumps are just as comfortable as they are stylish. synthetic upper 3¼ heel cushioned insole flexible rubber sole
A rope-like row of shimmering diamonds surrounds the gallery of this white gold ring that showcases a brilliant, round diamond.   Metal: 14K white gold Stone: 1 ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a ⅝ ct. center stone Other Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong and pavé Gallery Height: 11.05mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Keep it cool and comfy in oh-so-pretty lace-accented bikini panties.   cotton/spandex washable imported
For emergencies, keep this medical ID necklace on your child so everyone will know of any allergies or conditions.   Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 16 long rope chain Pendant Size: 13x18mm long Personalize: up to 3 lines with up to 10 characters each   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bring the wild west to your tabletop with our cowboy boot figurine fan. 20 watt motor some assembly required 10x3.25x10.75H high quality cast wood construction always unplug the appliance from the power supply before servicing clean parts with a duster, soft cloth or compressed air canister warning: do not use cleaning solutions or abrasive material as it may damage the finish or components of the fan imported
Easy elegance is yours with this floral scarf. 18x36 + ½ fringe rayon dry clean imported
Sweat is a part of working out, but these adidas Essentials Shorts make it easy to fight moisture.   elastic drawstring waist side seam pockets 10 inseam regular fit moisture-wicking CLIMALITE® technology polyester washable imported
These suit pants have season-spanning style in a resilient fabric that won’t get road-weary. And they’re machine washable, too. wrinkle resistant classic fit zip fly with button tab and hook-and-eye closure flat front front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets lined to the knee hemmed fabric: wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported dry clean only Jacket is dry clean only
Ease into your evening in this comfortable long-sleeve nightshirt, boasting soft broadcloth fabric and a convenient button-front design. notch collar long sleeves button front cotton/polyester washable imported  
This drying rack offers 29 feet of drying space over ten 35-inch steel rods. durable steel-rod and plastic construction folds closed to 1 inch thick nonskid plastic feet open: 32.5x35.5x21H closed: 44x1x21H imported
From comfy tees to button-front shirts, these Levi’s pants are the perfect start to any outfit. slim fit flat front 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure 100% cotton washable imported
These pretty ballet flats will add a classic look to any outfit. The sleek design features an adornment on the round toe for an extra bit of style. synthetic upper low heel wide width top adornment synthetic sole
Slip into our ultra-soft Liz Claiborne knit pajama set, featuring a short-sleeve button-front shirt, paired with coordinating sleep pants. notch collar 1 front pocket  elastic waistband cotton/Modal®/spandex washable imported  
The best-selling Meta® ladies lab coat offers you all the features you need with all the quality.   super-blend twill with soil release 5-button front 3 outside pockets with pen divider on chest pocket 2 inside pockets with scissor holder side hand access slits pleated and belted back 37 length cotton/polyester washable imported
Having a favorite tee is a must and you might have just found yours with the simple styling and comfort of this Island Shores tee.   crewneck fabric sweat patch rayon/polyester washable imported
Add bold color to your office look with our stripe silk tie. 3⅜ wide; 63 long 100% silk spot clean imported
Made from paper rope, this basket provides endless storage options for any room of the house while its neutral color matches any decor. sturdy wire frame built-in carry handles for easy transport removable fabric liner Paper rope/metal/fabric. Measures 13x15x10H. Imported.
Ideal for creating larger-sized classic jelly roll cakes, the Cake Boss 13x18 jelly roll pan is also great for baking macadamia nut cookies, chocolate cherry biscotti and other sweet treats.   heavy-duty, folded aluminized steel resists corrosion and warping rolled, wire-reinforced rims provide added strength, an easier grip and helps prevent warping long-lasting, nonstick coating and quilted surface resist wear, promote even heat distribution and beautiful browning with superb release oven safe to 450°F Aluminized steel. Hand wash. Imported.  
Comfortable Arizona trunks in a bold striped print are sure to make a splash in and out of the water. UPF 50+ elastic waist with faux drawstring side pocket with self-adhesive flap mesh brief liner polyester washable imported husky available online only
Give your workout style a boost in this well-ventilated tee with colorblock print. regular fit crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
Count on our all-cotton denim jacket to keep you right in step with contemporary style. point collar button front 2 flap chest pockets with button closure interior welt pocket adjustable tab waist with button closure approx. 25½ - 27¾ front length; 25½ - 25¾ back length 100% cotton washable imported
These jeans provide a good looking fit with the sturdy design that you've come to expect from Dickies. brushed fabric for extra softness contour waistband with stretch interlining prevents gapping in the back slim fit hook-and-eye closure provides a smooth clean front midrise bootcut flat front 4-pocket styling two back welt pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
Pretty details and comfortable dolman 3/4-sleeves make our scoopneck knit top a go-to for work or play. rayon/spandex polyester lining machine wash, line dry imported
Show off your flair for the unconventional in our retro flare jeans. 2 front porkchop pockets, 2 back pockets 32¾ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Look your absolute best in our classic A-line dress with its very bold and modern floral stripe print.   scoopneck sleeveless approx. 43¼ length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Ramp up the glamour when you're on the go with a cover-up that is worthy of your favorite swimwear. deep v-neck long sleeves crochet trim 100% cotton hand wash, line dry imported
From comfy tees to button-front shirts, these classic Levi’s jeans are the perfect start to any outfit. slim fit flat front 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure cotton/spandex washable imported
This classic sandal style gets a fun upgrade with a punch of color. synthetic upper padded insole EVA sole
Our soft cargo shorts are a casual look he'll love to wear again and again.  pull-on with drawcord cargo pockets flat front cotton washable imported
You will look fresh as a flower in our sleeveless belted sundress with a flattering fit-and-flare cut.  bateau neck sleeveless zipper closure 35½ length from shoulder cotton/spandex bodice: polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Decorated with a field of bright red, pink, purple, blue, yellow and green flowers, this tumbler is a colorful way to enjoy your favorite hot or cold beverage. made from extremely durable, BPA-free Tritan™ material double-wall technology reduces condensation designed to keep beverages cold or hot longer freezer safe includes travel lid 24-ounce capacity Plastic. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
Brilliant-cut cubic zirconia make a bold and sparkly statement. These dangling earrings also feature pavé-set stones for an exquisite effect.   Metal: Rhodium-plated brass Stones: Cubic zirconia Back: Lever Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Relaxed, dolman-sleeve styling lends an easy-going attitude to our comfortable textured sweater, making it a cool-weather favorite. scoopneck dolman sleeves side slits approx. 25⅝ - 27⅝ back length solids: cotton/acrylic; machine wash, dry flat metallic colors: cotton/acrylic/other fibers; machine wash, tumble dry and dry flat imported
Square rattan chargers add a warm, casual look to your tabletop.   natural rattan complements any color of dinnerware sold in sets of 4 Rattan and bamboo. Measures 13x13x¾ H. Imported.
A little sparkle, a little glamour goes a long way and makes our jeweled sandals a constant favorite.   synthetic upper with embellishments polyurethane lining adjustable buckle strap thermoplastic rubber outsole      
This espresso/coffee maker saves on counter space with its three-in-one capability for brewing fresh drip coffee, cappuccinos, espressos as well as lattes and hot chocolate.   swivel jet frother for lattes and cappuccinos patented Flavor Savor brewing system that thoroughly saturates and steeps coffee grounds 24-hour digital programmable timer advanced water filtration eliminates flavors caused by chlorine nonstick warming plate pause-and-serve lets you enjoy a cup before pot is brewed Accuflavor Selector dials for choosing strength of coffee no more stale coffee with freshness indicator LED lights 1500 watts. Plastic. Measures 14.5x11x12.8H. Imported.  
Add this pop of fun and color slipper chair to your child's room to enjoy as a relaxing spot to sit. solid wood frame 4 sturdy wood legs in black finish polyester upholstery cushion pink or purple with polka dot pattern 19.5x22.5x19.5H assembly required spot clean imported
This easy-to-wear dress features a beaded neckline and a shape-enhancing belt for a look that needs no accessories. scoopneck sleeveless 52 length from shoulders polyester crochet lace; polyester/spandex lining dry clean only imported
Superior comfort and classic style come together in these soft fleece pajama pants from U.S. Polo Association. elastic waist with drawstring inseam pockets button fly soft fleece fabric 30.5 inseam polyester washable imported
Mix our flattering hipster swim bottoms with your favorite swim tops for the freshest look at the beach.   fully lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Show off your patriotism in our short-sleeve America printed panel tee, which is comfortable, versatile and easy to wear. roundneck 25½ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Pick up the debris you can't see with this vacuum that’s designed with WindTunnel 2 technology to lifts and remove deep-down embedded dirt with two channels of suction. WindTunnel 2 technology creates 2 channels of suction to lift and remove surface debris and deep down embedded dirt high-capacity dirt cup holds more dirt, dust and debris easy-to-empty, bottom-release dust cup easy-rinse filter can be rinsed under running water and reused for long-lasting use dual-cyclonic technology air passes through 2 cyclonic stages to filter dirt and debris from the air path; no loss of suction HEPA filter traps 99.97% of dirt, dust, and pollens down to 0.3 microns includes complete accessory pack up to 10' of above-floor cleaning reach 8' hose 25' power cord 5-position height adjustment AC current plastic 12.1x16x34.3H; 17 pounds assembly required imported
Forget about lugging around a heavy handbag when you've got our two-tone, pebbled leather mini wallet, which is just the right size to hold your cash, credit cards and ID in the palm of your hand. top zip-around closure genuine leather; synthetic lining exterior ID window and tri-fold flap pocket with 4 card slots, currency sleeve and 2 slip pockets interior zipper coin compartment 4¾(H) x 3½(W) x 1¼(D) imported  
She’ll love wearing her favorite activity around her neck with this personalized dancer necklace.  Up to 9 characters for name.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver, 14K white gold or 14K yellow gold Closure: Lobster clasp Dimension: 18″ cable chain Pendant Size: 40x25mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Keep your look fresh and interesting in our lace-trimmed knit top. v-neck 24½ length knit: rayon lace: nylon machine wash, dry flat imported
Bring a vibrant, organic look and feel to your tabletop with this dinnerware set featuring finely detailed twigs of leaves in natural tones of green, gold and white.   durable stoneware construction reactive glazed finish perfect for entertaining and everyday dining microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 11 dinner plates four 8½ salad plates four 16-ounce bowls four 12-ounce mugs  Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Whether you need a black or brown belt, you’ll get both with this reversible feather-edge belt.   35mm wide polyurethane/bonded leather/polyester spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Upgrade your professional style with our pencil skirt, featuring a side zipper and a side slit to complete the look.  metal zipper on left side side slit 28-29½ length polyester/spandex washable imported
Create natural beauty in any room with this sheer valance that's delicately embroidered with a vine and leaf pattern for an organic look. gently filters light embroidered design 3 rod pocket Measures 50x18L. Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Give your table an updated look with our napkins, featuring beautifully printed fabric in a vibrant range of colorful hues to liven up your home décor, with a versatile design that is suited for either indoor or outdoor use.   set of 4 polyester measures 10x10 washable imported
Start out living worn-in with these 511™ jeans from Levi’s. Slim-fit denim features destructed accents and heavy fading and whiskering for a well-traveled look from the first wear.   sits below waist slim fit through seat and thigh slightly tapered leg, 14½” leg opening 5-pocket styling gray black 3d: cotton/polyester/elastane all other colors: cotton/elastane washable imported  
Braid-like detail and a cowl neckline enhance the familiar style of our classic sweater dress.   36 length from shoulder acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
Tuck these compact chests into the nooks and crannies of your home and make the most of every space.   3 drawers sturdy handwoven construction Paper rope. Measures 16.93x10.63x26.38H. Wipe clean. Imported.
true Introducing GE®'s most advanced wash system designed to consistently clean and dry dishes, featuring 65% more wash power delivered to each rack. Relish the quiet efficiency of GE®'s two pump system that minimizes noise while running with this high performing dishwasher that sits flush to your cabinets for a seamless feel. ENERGY STAR® qualified 51 dBA with status light on door chrome accent control panel with 2/4/8-hour Delay Start  4-pass wash and dry element evenly heats water for washing and air for drying two dedicated bottle jets integrated into the upper rack clean hard-to-reach areas inside tall items two-pump system provides excellent wash performance with reduced sound wash zones allow you to clean half-loads in either the upper or lower rack dedicated silverware jets focus on silverware baskets in multiple locations Piranha™ hard food disposer with removable filter Steam PreWash loosens tough soils before any cycle SpaceMaker® silverware basket can be placed on the rack or onto the door auto sensing cycle adjusts to soil level to maximize energy savings and ensure clean dishes sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes adjustable heights makes installation over built-up floors simple 
With a minimalist upper for better feel, our Nike skate shoes will keep you grinding out board tricks with ease. technology Phylon midsole for increased comfort construction suede/Nubuk/leather upper rubber sole details lace up minimalist upper for better board feel and greater balance rubber taping for grip and durability flexible vulcanized outsole with tacky gum rubber  
Slip resistant and waterproof, these rugged electrical hazard (EH) work boots showcase Wolverine’s fine craftsmanship and rich history of making quality workwear. technology Contour Welt® construction MultiShox® removable full-cushion footbed construction leather/suede/synthetic upper wave mesh lining durable, slip-resistant rubber sole details 8 shaft lace up sturdy steel toe rated ASTM F2413-11 M I/75 C/75 EH 
Withstanding the elements with their water-resistant rubber design, our shoes let him showcase iconic Chuck Taylor styling. construction rubber upper rubber sole details lace up
Perfectly sized for little hands and mouths, this 3-piece Curva baby flatware set is easy for babies to use and hold, and ideal for their first tastes of cereal.   high-quality 18/10 stainless steel craftsmanship hi-luster finish seamless, with rounded corners gift boxed 3-piece set includes: feeder spoon baby fork baby spoon Stainless steel. Dishwasher-safe. Imported.
A lifelike addition to your holiday theme, this tree decoration is perfect for a Santa's village or holiday park diorama. life-like twist fibers give tree a natural look solid base Polyester. Measures 2¼x7x15H. Imported.  
You'll love the comfort and utility of our Havanera camp shirt. It features side ventilation to keep you cool and four front pockets for easy-to-reach convenience. camp collar short sleeves 4 pockets side vents polyester/cotton washable imported
ressed up and ready to go
For both casual and formal dining, our 20-piece flatware set features a stunning design with thick, beveled edge and lasting good looks. service for 4 brightly polished, mirror finish 18/10 stainless steel dishwasher safe imported 20-piece set includes: 4 salad forks 4 dinner forks 4 dinner knives 4 dinner spoon 4 teaspoons
Hit a homerun on style with our sporty striped baseball cap. adjustable backstrap slightly curved visor six sewn eyelets 9x8½x6 lined cotton/polyester spot clean, line dry imported
Front tassels and a layered, flowy design make for a perfect warm-weather top. v-neck tassels at front approx. 25 length lined polyester washable imported
Handy for a seasonal look or whenever you’re in the mood for a change, these extra slipcovers give your furniture a brand-new appearance. designed for use with the Friday furniture collection soft cotton fabric can be easily removed for cleaning or redecorating cotton sofa slipcover: 91Wx39Dx30H loveseat slipcover: 66Wx39Dx30H chair-and-a-half slipcover: 52Wx39Dx30H chair slipcover: 42Wx39Dx30H chair-and-a-half ottoman slipcover: 40Wx25Dx20H ottoman slipcover: 32Wx23Dx20H cpot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned imported
Bring energy and the pulse of the city to your next workout with our shorts.  elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets straight leg 10 inseam polyester washable imported
The Deer Stags® Brooklyn men's dress shoe is a modern style with easy pull-on wear.   pull-on style leather upper synthetic lining polyurethane sole
You'll love the versatility of this 4-quart Dutch oven. It's ideal for long, slow cooking or making large batches of soup, stew or spaghetti sauce.   cast iron provides even distribution of heat without hot spots and excellent heat retention lid ensures continuous natural basting enamel coating requires no seasoning and is easy to clean safe for gas, electric, ceramic and induction cooktops oven safe to 500ºF Cast iron. Hand wash. Imported.  
Allover lace with sequin accents and an x-back will have you and our belted v-neck dress in the spotlight all night long. back zip, button closure 60 length from shoulder nylon/polyester polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Perfect for delicious smoothies, shakes and icy drinks, this blender uses Wave-Action® to pull the mixture into blades for a super creamy texture. large 56-oz. jar capacity powerful 575W peak motor 3.5AMPS; AC output 8.2x8.1x14.4H plastic/metal dishwasher safe parts imported
These sandals feature a comfortable molded footbed with chic design details that bring the timeless look into modern style. construction synthetic upper Superflex rubber sole details 1¼ heel cushioned molded footbed
Embrace the outdoor style with this set of round coasters that add a natural flair to your room. absorbent stoneware combined with a cork back adds an additional layer of protection for your furnishings natural dragonfly design set of 4 stoneware with cork backing each coaster measures 4¼ in diameter hand wash imported.
Bring brilliant color to your bed with this oblong decorative pillow featuring a chevron textured pattern. knife-edge finish measures 20x12 Polyester with cotton fill. Spot clean. Imported.
With a natural-vibe, our comfortable sandals will be your quick go-to warm-weather shoe. synthetic upper side buckle EVA outsole
Our top features flutter sleeves and lace along the yoke for an ultra-femme warm weather look. ●    scoopneck●    short sleeves●    27 length●    polyester/spandex●    washable●    imported
Our fitted bra tank top from Xersion gives you the support you need for even the most intense activities. quick-dri fabric no-chafe seams medium support approx. 26¼-28⅛ length body, mesh, and bra mesh: polyester/spandex bra lining: polyester washable imported
Take your look to a new level of coziness in our quilted-front fleece sweatshirt from Levi’s.   crewneck raglan sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Classic cargo shorts offer durable construction and multi-pocket convenience in a soft cotton fabric that's been washed for extra comfort.   zip fly with button closure 2 slash front pockets 2 side cargo pockets with self-adhesive closure 2 back button-through flap pockets 10 inseam cotton washable imported
Our tank top from Xersion features a bold graphic print and functional design for ease, comfort and style. scoopneck racerback polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Control light and privacy with these handsome wood blinds that add refined, functional style to your space. 2 slat size lift cord Sold individually. Wood. Window must be 1¾ deep for inside mount; 3¼ deep for flush inside mount. Mounting hardware included. Dust lightly. Imported.
From working at your office to walking around town, the Stitch 'N Turn technology in these cozy ballet flats will have you walking in comfort. technology Stitch 'N Turn technology for an ultra-flexible shoe that cradles your foot in the most comfort construction synthetic upper rubber sole details ½ heel slip on round toe perforated upper
Featuring two reversible grids with a grill on one side and a griddle on the other, this versatile Dual Zone griddle/grill helps you get the most out of your next meal.   3 combinations: griddle, grill or grill/griddle removable, reversible, nonstick grids center-mounted grease tray 2 heat zones with independent temperature controls 180 square inches of cooking surface durable PFOA-free, nonstick cooking surface cool-touch handles Stainless steel/plastic. Imported.
This striped quarter-zip offers all-cotton comfort in your choice of standout colors. ribbed mockneck with contrast-colored interior quarter zip with leather-look pull long sleeves chest striping with logo sleeve length: S(33), M(34), L(35), XL(36), XXL(37) 100% cotton washable imported
Our mesh velour slide slippers will keep your feet comfortable and cool, thanks to Dearfoams comfort cushioning system and mesh ventilation. ●    waterproof sole●    polyester upper●    thermoplastic rubber sole●    machine wash, dry flat●    imported
Give him larger-than-life style in a kid-sized package with the iconic three-stripe design of our adidas athletic shoes.   construction leather/suede upper rubber sole details lace up soft jersey fabric lining metallic heel overlay removable cushioned footbed  
Instantly update your bedroom with this duvet cover set featuring a trendy geometric print. modern geometric print in aqua on white background with gray trim sold gray on back  decorative pillows feature duvet cover top color and repeating print to accent the look 4-piece Twin/Twin XL sets include: duvet cover sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen sets include: duvet cover 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester duvet cover and sham(s); polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: duvet cover is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12 Full/Queen: duvet cover is 88x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12
This kitchen cabinet in attractive bamboo fits in well wherever you need a bit of additional storage or display space.   light, airy design with natural finish and tempered glass door 1 adjustable shelf within cabinet roomy storage drawer below  16½x11¾x41H. Bamboo, MDF, tempered glass. Assembly required, allen wrench (included) and screwdriver (not included). Imported.
Comfortable, versatile and stylish, this short-sleeve polo is sure to make your little one more adorable than ever. polo collar button placket cotton/polyester washable imported
Designed specifically for homes with pets, this powerful upright vacuum cleaner removes hair from carpets and upholstery with ease. Dyson Cinetic™ technology captures dust that clogs other vacuums no dirty filters to wash or replace self-adjusting cleaner head seals in suction across carpets and floors ball-riding design steers easily into hard-to-reach places whole-machine HEPA filtration expels cleaner air includes combination tool, stair tool and tangle-free turbine tool Plastic/metal. Measures 17.2x13.4x43.3H; weighs 25 pounds. Imported. 
The stretch-knit fabric on our racerback tank top makes this the perfect pick for your growing baby bump. scoopneck approx. 29⅛-31 length cotton/spandex washable imported
Your little one will stay comfy and cozy in this 3-piece layette set, which includes a bodysuit and a corresponding top and pair of pants.●    includes bodysuit, top and pants●    expandable shoulders●    screen-printed slogan●    nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel●    no-pinch elastic waistband●    100% cotton●    washable●    imported  
Here's one lucky ducky who knows how to dress up for dinner. Daisy is a sweet and cuddly fashionista that's a perfect addition to her collection.   Disney Collection only at JCPenney soft premium plush with detailed sculpting embroidered features polyester spot clean imported
Evenly brown, sear and sauté with our nonstick cookware set. The cookware will help you seal in the juices so your meals are always delicious. oven safe to 500°F heavy-gauge, hard-anodized aluminum 3-layer sear nonstick for even cooking PFOA free stay-cool stainless steel handles tempered glass covers dishwasher safe imported Set includes: 8 omelette pan 10 omelette pan 3-quart sauce pan with cover 3-quart sauté pan with cover 8-quart stock pot with cover
true This Energy Star® top-freezer refrigerator has ample space to meet your varying storage needs—including adjustable wire shelves, clear drawers and large door storage. #1 in quality and dependability among 14-18 cu. ft. refrigerators based on an independent study of property maintenance personnel. Source: The Stevenson Company, 2013—Market research company with over 20 years of experience in the appliance industry  ENERGY STAR® qualified upfront temperature controls regulate fresh food and freezer sections equipped for optional icemaker adjustable wire shelves clear drawers make finding items easy can storage door shelf keeps soft drink cans within easy reach large door storage frees up valuable shelf space adjustable wire freezer shelf spillproof freezer floor wipes up easily for quick cleanup 17.5 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage room 67⅜ x 28 x 32⅞
A quartet of princess-cut diamonds forms the center of this streamlined engagement ring for the woman who likes clean lines and classic elegance. The sides of the white gold ring are embedded with round diamonds, giving it extra gleam. Metal: 14K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. princess-cut and round diamonds Color: H-I Clarity: I1-I2 Setting: Invisible and channel Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This ultra-absorbent, bone-shaped towel features two specially designed corner pockets to help you hold your dog easily while drying.   microfiber construction absorbs up to seven times its weight in water large size makes it faster and easier to dry any breed two times more absorbent than cotton two corner pockets for convenience Polyester/polyamide terry loop microfiber. Washable. Imported.
Add a chic vibe to your casual style with our comfortable short-sleeve tie-knot tee. v-neck short sleeves approx. 29⅝-31¼ length polyester/rayon washable imported
Love the way you look in our versatile short-sleeve graphic tee. v-neck short sleeves petite: approx. 24¾-26¾ length  misses: approx. 26⅝-28 9/16 length polyester washable imported
Play up your work style with the graduated-square print and pleat front of our sleeveless shift dress. roundneck sleeveless 38½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
He can dare to be different with this white gold band featuring a smooth thin center and striated outer edges. Comfort fit. Made in America.Metal: 10K white goldDimensions: 6mm wideJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Sublime comfort is his in these all-cotton, Xersion socks.   cotton washable imported 5-6.5 fits shoe sizes 5-9 7-8.5 fits shoe sizes 9-2 9-11 fits shoe sizes 2-9
Featuring iridescent foil and sugar glitter graphics, this 2-piece tee and shorts set will fit into her wardrobe perfectly. includes short-sleeve tee and shorts crewneck short sleeves back mesh vent solid pull-on shorts with space dye waistband polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Stafford feather-edge belt goes from casual to dressy, thanks to an elongated nickel buckle and stitch detail.   32mm wide leather spot clean imported  
She'll cozy up in bed in style when she's in this short-sleeve dog gown, which is as sassy and fun as she is. short sleeves polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Perfect with khakis, skirts and skorts, this classic button-front top is durable enough to last the school year. round point collar short keyhole puff sleeves button front front and back darts cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring a unique yet classic toile pattern, this curtain door panel brightens up your room decor. tonal color easily match interior designs 3 rod pocket for easy installation 26x68L 100% cotton washable imported
Give your casual look a boost of pattern with our paisley woven shirt.  point collar button front short sleeves 2 front pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Pick the strap, pop in the silver-tone watch case and you're ready to start your day. Offering four different looks, this interchangeable set ensures you're always in style. A wonderful gift for Father’s Day, birthdays or the holiday season. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving. Brand: Peugeot Dial Color: Black Strap: Leather and silicone Clasp: Foldover Movement: Quartz Case Width: 42mm Case Thickness: 12mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 22mm wide Model No.: 699 Special Features: Includes orange silicon, black leather, gunmetal and silver-tone metal straps; date display Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The hero of Zootopia, Judy Hopps is a perfect plush toy for your little one. detailed sculpting and embroidered features dimensions: 5x3½x12½   polyester hand wash imported
You’ll find so many ways to wear our twill cropped pants—dressed up or down, to the office or on the weekend—you might want more than one pair. button-and-zip closure 2 front and 2 back pockets 27⅕ inseam micro-sanded stretch twill cotton/spandex washable imported
Made with 100% comfortable cotton, our polo features a stripe pocket for contrast and style. spread collar short sleeves 3-button placket regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
Memorialize the special event with this Christening candle, featuring a raised, gold-tone raised detail. comes packed in a gift box   ⅞ x 12 H unscented candle           
Give your rings somewhere elegant to rest. Luxe mini chaise lounge is studded with crystals and glitter and has ample space to hold your rings. includes crystal-accented pillow 7½x3x6H polyresin/fabric imported  
This Mickey Mouse plush is ready for the most fun night of the year in his spooky Halloween skeleton costume. embroidered facial features and year polyester/plastic pellets/ethylene/polyurethane hand wash, dry flat imported
With a timeless style and dependable comfort, our hooded wool-blend coat will keep you cozy, year after year. hood zip front 2 welt pockets black and charcoal: wool/polyester/acrylic/other fibers oatmeal heather: wool/polyester/viscose/other fibers true red: wool/polyester/other fibers dry clean only imported  misses: 30¼ length from shoulder petite: 28 length from shoulder
These belted cargo shorts ensure your comfort, easily pairing with polos or tees for a look that shows you know how to relax. belt included relaxed fit zip fly with button closure side cargo pockets back button-through pockets 11 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
From movie night to playtime, this huggable panda is the perfect companion for your playful one. 23.8 long for ages 2+ polyester/plastic spot clean imported
Comfortably kick back in our French terry sweatshirt that's embellished for the fun of it. cotton/polyester machine or hand wash, dry flat imported misses: approx. 23½ - 25½ front length petite: approx. 22 - 14½ front length
Take princess-worthy style to the next level with these glittery, ribbon-adorned Snow White costume shoes. glitter details heart-shaped Snow White cameo 3D organza bows contrasting foil trim satin footbed synthetic upper urethane sole 3/4 wedge heel
Romantic and sparkling, cubic zirconia baguettes frame a pear-shaped stone, adding a luxurious touch of glamour to your style.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: Simulated diamond 1 ⅜ ct. t.w. diamond equivalentSetting: Prong, channel and beadClosure: Spring-ringChain Length: 18 long Singapore chain Pendant Size: 14x18.2mm   Carat (ct.) total weight (t.w.) represents the approximate total weight of diamonds or equivalent appearance.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Keep your feet comfortable and protected on long hikes with these boots by the iconic John Deere brand. construction waterproof leather upper oil-resistant synthetic sole details 5 shaft lace up moisture-wicking nylon lining cushioned insole with moisture-wicking cover tempered steel shank Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Increase your coffee enjoyment by grinding your beans with this burr mill grinder. It produces less heat from friction and grinds beans more uniformly to give you the the best taste with every grind. 18 settings grind coffee for desired brewing method, from very fine to course grounds removable bean hopper holds up to ½-pound of coffee beans automatically shuts off when grinding is complete removable grinding chamber makes cleaning easy dual safety locking switches convenient cord storage Plastic/metal. Measures 8.4x7.9x12.8H. Hand wash. Imported.  
She'll play in comfort and style in our sweet coral sundress with coordinating butterfly print cozy. scoop neckline dress: 100% rayon cozy: polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Comfort and style come together in these warm wool slippers by Flexus. construction wool/micro suede upper synthetic sole details 1¾” heel slip-on entry backless indoor slippers with decorative design soft, durable fabric is lightweight and shock absorbing comfortable padded insole with soft lining
This sweet thermal top easily pairs with comfy pajama pants for a warm and cozy look night after night. crewneck long sleeves glitter detail polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Round out your style with this soft cotton logo tee from Vans. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Her style will bloom in this darling shortall set, featuring daisy applique detailing. includes short-sleeve tee and shortall top: cotton/polyester shortall: 100% cotton washable imported  
Our flip flops are a cute and casual essential that will keep you footloose and fancy free. synthetic upper synthetic sole imported
Our skirt set features a black-and-white paisley print on the jacquard jacket, with a solid black skirt to complete the look. roundneck long sleeves zip closure jacket: 24 length skirt: hook-and-eye closure with 24 length polyester dry clean imported
With his favorite Minions on the dial, this watch will help him keep track of time with its easy-read digital format. A colorful yellow strap finishes its fun look.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Yellow plastic Bracelet Dimensions: 210mm long; 15mm long Model No.: MINSKD078CT   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These round storage canisters feature clear windows that let you check the supply levels of contents inside, giving you a convenient storage solution for kitchen ingredients. sturdy steel construction pressure-fitted lids keep contents fresh canisters nest for space-saving storage 3-piece set includes: 0.8-liter canister 1.2-liter canister 1.8-liter canister Steel. Wipe clean. Imported.
Perfect for all day, every day, our Leading Lady racerback nursing cami features a soft breathable cotton blend for casual comfort and a double layer design for modesty and added support. full coverage back lace inset detail adjustable straps for a comfortable fit shelf nursing bra creates a double layer for added support and modesty quick one-handed clasp for easy nursing inner sling supports breast while nursing empire waist for a fitted shape cotton/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #150433  
Slip into the relaxed look and feel of our comfortable, casual shoes from Propet.   full-grain leather upper twin gore offers easy slip-on convenience Rejuve Motion Technology™ topsole cushioned EVA midsole maintains all day comfort rubber sole for durable wear and traction 
Featuring a back cutout and a fun and flowy style, our sleeveless Americana swing dress is perfect for those beautiful sunny days. roundneck approx. 37½-38¾ length from shoulder polyester/rayon washable imported
Remarkable details such as a crystal-lined bezel, sleek hands and markers, and comfortable three-link bracelet give this watch the lovely silhouette needed for you to dazzle your way through the day. Brand: Seiko Dial Color: Champagne Accents: 22 CRYSTALLIZED™ - Swarovski® Elements on bezel Strap: Gold-tone stainless steel Clasp: Push-button release Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 29.5mm Case Thickness: 7.2mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 13mm wide Model No.: SUR874 Special Features: Date display; durable crystal Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Elegance meets comfort in Vanity Fair’s Coloratura sleeveless nightgown.   v neck nylon washable imported manufacturer’s style #30107
Luxuriously soft and smooth, this damask sheet set will have you peacefully drifting off to sleep in total comfort. 500 thread-count cotton is ultra-soft and feels great all night FLEXFIT® stretch panels provide a secure fit wrinkle-free finish for a smooth feel fits mattresses up to 17 deep Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase(s) Full and Queen sets include two standard pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets include two king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases are sold separately. Cotton. Washable. Imported. Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 53x75; pillowcases are 32x21 Queen: flat sheet is 90x108; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 32x21 King: flat sheet is 108x108; fitted sheet is 76x80; pillowcases are 40x21 Cal. King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 72x84; pillowcases are 40x21 Eco-friendly tip: This product is made with long-lasting quality in mind. Give it a second life when you're through with it by donating it to a local charity instead of discarding in the trash
Enjoy your favorite iced beverages in style with this drinkware set. It’s perfect for entertaining both indoors and out.   sturdy, stylish hammered acrylic construction available in a variety of vivid colors 12-piece set includes: six 24-ounce iced tea glasses six 16-ounce double old-fashioned glasses Acrylic. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Combining the plush cushioning you crave with the posture support you need, this mattress set is designed to help you sleep soundly throughout the night.   638 PostureTech® innerspring support system 1 SuperSoft SealyFoam® layer adds superior softness Gel OrthoZone® II foam promotes a cool sleeping environment ½ Marvelux® layer increases firmness FlameGuard™ fiber features fire-resistant technology SolidEdge™ HD system gives you a stable seating edge DuraTech™ foundation provides consistent support and durability Cover is polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring/foundation. Foundation measures 9H; mattress set measures 18½H when stacked. Split Queen, King and Cal. King mattress sets feature 2-piece side-by-side foundations for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x75x9½H; 378 coil count Twin XL: 38x80x9½H; 406 coil count Full: 54x75x9½H; 513 coil count Queen: 60x80x9½H; 638 coil count King: 76x80x9½H; 812 coil count Cal. King: 72x84x9½H; 806 coil count
You'll love the comfortable feel and stylish raw edge of our cropped jeans from Arizona. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket style lowrise straight, cropped leg 23 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Tapered legs for a closer fit and an elastic waistband make these pull-on scrubs a comfortable and fashionable addition to your uniform. elastic waist slash pockets cargo pockets tapered leg 28 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
The pocket-watch style of this table clock has a classic look. It hangs on a telescopic stand so you can adjust it to your ideal height. pocket-watch design telescopic stand quartz movement brass finish mounting hardware included aluminum/paper 4x4x12H requires 1 AA battery, not included imported
You’ll really get cooking with this incredible, hard-enamel cookware set as it contains all the basic pieces to ensure you’ll get your use out of each and every pan.   heats quickly and evenly, reducing hot spots that can burn foods long-lasting, nonstick cooking surface allows food to release from the pan, making cleanup quick and easy sylish two-tone gradient exterior adds color and style to any kitchen handles are rubberized for comfort, dual-riveted for durability and oven safe to 350ºF 10-piece set includes: 1-quart saucepan with lid 2-quart saucepad with lid 3-quart sauté pan with lid 6-quart stock pot with lid 8½ skillet 10 skillet  Aluminum/porcelain/silicone. Hand wash. Imported.      
Smooth patterns of tiny colored squares make this tie an eye-catching addition to formal wear, for the man looking to stand out.   2¾ wide polyester/silk/rayon spot clean imported
Fashioned with attention-getting metallic tones and dazzling embellishments, these ankle-strap sandals are sure to be the crowning jewel in your ensemble. synthetic metallic upper stone detail slingback strap with adjustable buckle 1 heel composition rubber sole  
Set the mood for sweet dreams in our luxuriously lightweight Ambrielle sleep pants.   rayon/spandex washable imported  
Peached canvas pants from Levi’s are sure to become a wardrobe staple, boasting comfort and standout style. slim fit flat front ribbed waist with drawstring 5-pocket style peached canvas fabric 80% polyester/20% cotton washable imported
The soft colors on this striped, v-neck tee have an inside-out style that’s totally laidback. v-neck short sleeves left chest logo embroidery cotton/polyester washable imported
Casual yet stylish, our 2-piece v-neck tee and shorts set is a comfortable outfit you both will love. includes tee and shorts v-neck short sleeves appliqué front button fly 2 side and 2 back pockets left leg pocket embroidery 100% cotton washable imported
Men's dress pants offer sophisticated styling for every workday. From Stafford Signature, these trousers in black stripe wool are as versatile as you.   flat front 4 exterior pockets hemmed polyester lining to knee wool dry clean only more sizes: regular, big, portly
Sometimes nothing warms you up as much as a hot cup of tea, and this beautiful enamel tea kettle will have your kitchen heating up in style.   enamel exterior easy-to-use spout lever for total control pleasant, loud whistle blows as soon as water boils large cover handle and opening for easy filling and cleaning Aluminum. Imported.   
Metal: 14K white goldStones: 1/5 ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: I-JClarity: I1-I2Setting: ProngGallery Height: 2.9mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The laid-back style of this Arizona hoodie gives you a great casual weekend layer. hood with drawstring zip front kangaroo-style pockets cotton/acrylic washable imported
What it is: A set of three makeup palettes featuring timeless and easy-to-wear shades. What it does: This trio of convenient palettes features 10 shades adapted to every occasion. Each palettes comes in a notebook format so it’s easy to slip into your handbag and convenient for travel. Each also features a built-in mirror and a selection of universally flattering shades to suit any occasion for natural or sophisticated look. This set contains: (Includes all three palettes) Daily Chic Palette: - 6 x Eye shadows in neutral shades - 2 x Lip glosses - Blush - Bronzing powder Working It Palette: - 8 x Eye shadows in timeless shades - 2 x Highlighters Ready For Tonight Palette: - 6 x Eye shadows in bold shades - 2 x Lip glosses - Blush - Bronzing powder Ingredients:Daily Chic Palette: Eyeshadows: MEA0695-R, MEC0713-R3, MEC0772-R5: Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. (+/-) : CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides). MEC1093, MEC2074-A: Mica, Talc, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. (+/-) : CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides). MEC1097: Mica, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Talc, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tin Oxide. Blush: Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), CI 15850 (Red 6), Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. Lip Glosses: MGPA1898-R: Polybutene, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Candelilla Cera (Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax), Cera Alba (Beeswax), Copernicia Cerifera Cera (Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax), C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Tocopheryl Acetate, CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ethylhexylglycerin, BHT, CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake). MGP8863-R: Polybutene, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Candelilla Cera (Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax), Cera Alba (Beeswax), Copernicia Cerifera Cera (Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax), C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Phenoxyethanol, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Tocopheryl Acetate, Polyethylene Terephthalate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Acrylates Copolymer, BHT, Tin Oxide, CI 15850 (Red 6), CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake). Bronzer: Talc, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), Silica, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Magnesium Stearate, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. Ready For Tonight Palette: Eyeshadows: MEA3499-4R, MEC1103-1:Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. (+/-) : CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet). ME9681-7D: CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Methicone, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. MEC0769-2: Mica, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Talc, Magnesium Stearate, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Tocopheryl Acetate, Tin Oxide, CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), Ethylhexylglycerin. MEC0784-R: Mica, Talc, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Magnesium Stearate, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tin Oxide, CI 77492 (Iron Oxides). MEC1138: Mica, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Magnesium Stearate, CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Talc, CI 75470 (Carmine), Tin Oxide, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. Blush: Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), Tocopheryl Acetate, CI 77007 (Ultramarines), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Ethylhexylglycerin. Lip Glosses: MGP7166-R: Polybutene, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Candelilla Cera (Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax), Cera Alba (Beeswax), Copernicia Cerifera Cera (Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax), C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Phenoxyethanol, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin, CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake), CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), BHT, Tin Oxide. MGPA0922-1D: Polybutene, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Candelilla Cera (Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax), Cera Alba (Beeswax), Copernicia Cerifera Cera (Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax), C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 15850 (Red 7 Lake), Phenoxyethanol, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Tocopheryl Acetate, CI 15850 (Red 6), Ethylhexylglycerin, CI 42090 (Blue 1 Lake), BHT. Bronzer: MF3198-1: Talc, Aluminum Starch Octenylsuccinate, Silica, CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Magnesium Stearate, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Mica, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tin Oxide. Working It Palette: Eyeshadows: MEC0731-R, MEB0532-1R: Talc, Mica, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. (+/-) : CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet). MEB0065-2, MEB0324, MEA6401-R3, MEC2075-A: Mica, Talc, Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. (+/-) : CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77491/CI 77492/CI 77499 (Iron Oxides). MEC2170-R3: Mica, Talc, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Polyethylene Terephthalate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), Tocopheryl Acetate, Polyurethane-11, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Ethylhexylglycerin, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77000 (Aluminum Powder). MEC2405: Mica, Talc, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tin Oxide, Ethylhexylglycerin. Luminizer: MEC4108-3: Talc, Mica, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, CI 77742 (Manganese Violet), Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin. MEC4293-R1: Mica, Talc, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Magnesium Stearate, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Phenoxyethanol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ethylhexylglycerin.
Look cool and casual in our graphic tank top, featuring a variety of fun styles to choose from. scoopneck sleeveless racerback jersey cotton/polyester washable imported
Diamond-cut gold-tone metal sparkles on these hypoallergenic love knot button earrings.  Metal: Gold-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: .8x.8  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add vintage character to your home with this wall clock featuring a collage of dials that create an attractive array of eclectic styles spanning decades of classic design.   unique pieced-together style tan and black finishes mounting hardware included MDF. Measures 15½ in diameter. Requires 1 type “AA” battery, not included. Imported.
Make your business casual style wrinkle-free with this easy-care performance dress shirt from Stafford. wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering treated with stain release and repel Scotchgard™ technology point collar chest pocket comfort-stretch collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable adjustable cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported more size available: regular, fitted, athletic, big, extra tall
This full-length wall mirror is an easy addition to a room, creating the illusion of more space when strategically placed to reflect light.   rich satin black finish beveled edges for visual interest hang vertical or horizontal Wood composites. Measures 17x3x42H; weighs 9.8 pounds. Attached hardware on back. Imported.
With firm support and soft cotton covers, this two pack of pillows is the perfect choice to lay your head on at night.   210 thread-count cotton cover hypoallergenic perfect for side and back sleepers custom support by position of sleep standard/queen gusset is white king gusset is gray pack of 2 Cotton cover with polyester fill. Washable. Made in America of imported materials. Standard/Queen: 18x26 King: 18x34 Be sure to care for your investment with a pillow protector. It's an added layer of protection that will help keep your pillow clean and fresh.
Whether by plane, train or car, these well-tailored trousers makes sure you look as fresh at the end of your trip as when you started.   pleated front button tab with hook-and-eye closure front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets straight legs lined to the knees wool/polyester dry clean imported
Lend romantic style to your everyday looks with this genuine peridot and diamond-accent double-heart ring.Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: 5mm heart-shaped genuine peridotOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: ProngGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
This three-pair stud earring set adds just the right amount of sparkle without overwhelming your look.   Metal: Rhodium-plated metalStones: Glass stones and acrylic pearlsBack: PostJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our classic cable knit sweater gets a casual update with a flatteringly comfortable fit. cotton/nylon machine wash, dry flat imported
A chilly snowman all bundled up for the winter hanging out with his owl friend gives this hand-hooked rug seasonal style. hand made construction durable polyester 0.05 overall thickness measures 30x20 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Imported
Contemporary curves mix with a group of classic patterns to create a styled rug that turns any high-traffic area into a beautiful space. mold and mildew resistant flat woven construction durable polypropylene easy-care crafted in Turkey ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Synthetic Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: No, the synthetic backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Rinse off with a hose. Origin: Imported    
With a whimsical pattern and contrasting yoke, this sleeveless dress is a twirl-worthy addition to her wardrobe. roundneck sleeveless elastic loop and button closure washable imported
Whether you're playing hoops or just love the look, our Xersion reflective print basketball shorts are a popular look and feel for you.   drawstring and elastic waistband printed sides regular fit 12 inseam polyester washable imported
Stay warm, stylish and connected with these SmarTouch gloves, featuring a Berber fleece spill and THERMAflex lining. Patent-pending construction gives these gloves exceptional performance, allowing for pinpoint accuracy, so you can text and browse with ease and accuracy. THERMAflex™ lining offers warmth and superior flexibility SmarTouch construction allows for pinpoint accuracy on touchscreens shell: polyester                                  Berber spill: polyester/acrylic                                 palm:  polyester/LYCRA® spandex                                    back and palm lining: polyester                              tip lining: polyester/nylon/spandex          washable imported
Our long and lean top accentuates with a slender silhouette and a relaxed look that works with a full range of outfits. roundneck short sleeves approx. 51⅛-52¾ length carnival tie-dye/black: polyester/spandex other colors: polyester washable imported
Sleep sound in a tropical oasis with this Hawaiian print sheet set that has a soft, sateen texture.●    embroidered cuff detail●    white background with coastal influence●    fully elasticized fitted sheet with 16 depth●    coordinating accessories sold separately●    100% cotton●    washable●    imported3-pc. twin sheet set includes:●    flat sheet●    fitted sheet●    1 pillowcase4-pc. sheet set includes:●    flat sheet●    fitted sheet●    2 pillowcasesTwin, full and queen sets include standard pillowcase(s). King and cal. king sets include king pillowcases.  
The chic clockwork design of this pocket watch wall clock makes it a luxurious addition to any room. metal 15½x15½ requires 1 “AA” battery, not included imported
Not too soft, not too firm. Not too hot, not too cool. The Isotonic Iso-Cool synthetic pillow is the optimum choice with fabric that adjusts to your body's changing temperature and a fill that offers upper-body support.   300 thread-count, removable cotton cover Outlast® Adaptive Comfort technology releases or absorbs heat as needed to warm or cool your head contains the highest available concentration of Phase Change Material beads to sense and respond to your body temperature filled with luxurious spiral-spun polyester provides exceptional loft and promotes neck and shoulder support soft, pampering feel for the ultimate in comfort traditional shape is perfect for all sleeping positions Cotton cover with polyester fill. Manufacturer's 5-year warranty. Washable. Pillow is made in America; cover is imported. Standard: 20x26 Queen: 20x30 King: 20x36
Purchase limit of two (2) of the identical item per customer from the Disney Frozen collection. This cozy Frozen nightgown has plenty of girly charm and standout colors for a relaxing nighttime look again and again. roundneck long sleeves with elastic cuffs bow ruffle hem polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
With our moisture-wicking, well-ventilated tank top, you can focus your energy on working out and not on staying dry. scoopneck moisture wicking mesh inset for ventilation open back 23 length cotton/viscose/elastane washable imported
What it is:Formula X chromes is a stunning, ultra metallic lacquer.What it does:Create a stylish look with these gel nail polish. - Dip your nails in liquid chrome with this full-coverage metallic lacquer - Its fascinatingly rich color goes on sleek and smooth with a luxurious finish that intensifies as it driesWhat it is formulated WITHOUT:- ParabensWhat else you need to know:The brush design was engineered to complement the highly pigmented, three-free formula, giving you the most even and precise lacquer application. Size0.4 oz
Extreme comfort and safety is on your side with these casual work shoes featuring a sporty look and gel-infused memory foam insole. technology Relaxed Fit® design for a roomy, comfortable fit construction leather/synthetic/textile upper rubber sole details lace up stitched accents side and heel overlays padded tongue and collar supportive, shock-absorbing midsole electrical hazard tested 
Featuring a classic striped design that never goes out of style, these colorful placemats rejuvenate the look of your table setting. easy-care fabric set of 4 Cotton. Each measures 19x13. Washable. Imported.
Keep all your appointments and get-togethers in one convenient spot with this daily planner, which is all you need to get your plans in order. paper 75x1x9.25H imported kit includes: 30 8.5x6.75 double-sided sheets 2 8.75x2.75 double-sided sheets 12 8.5x7 double-sided sheets
Pull on a pair of our cropped leggings and enjoy the body-hugging fit of this everyday essential. 23 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Cushioned for comfort and durability, these Puma socks give you the all-day coverage you need. full cushioning around entire foot for all-day comfort wicking helps keep feet cool and dry polyester/spandex washable sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12 imported 6 in a pack
This fresh logo updated to a classic is just what you need in an athletic sandal.   technology one-piece synthetic upper injected phylon midsole and outsole   construction synthetic upper synthetic rubber blend sole   details slip on
It's no secret how good you'll look in our slimming, straight-leg pants. flat front zip fly with hook-and-bar closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back welt pockets 28 inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported petite: 29½ inseam petite short: 28 inseam
Levi’s chino shorts pair perfectly with a polo shirt and look great on the links. rinse finish with softener regular fit sits below waist flat front button closure 4 pockets 9½ inseam straight leg black chambray and navy chambray: cotton/linen/elastane other colors: 100% cotton washable imported  
Pair your favorite top and accessories with our versatile bootcut jeans to create the perfect day-to-night look.   button-and-zip closure 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported short: 29¾ inseam regular: 32 inseam long: 34 inseam
Our scoopneck tank top's sequined mesh front is all you need to successfully work the room. nylon front polyester back and lining hand wash, dry flat imported  
Our boldly patterned sheath dress gives your work wardrobe a modern appeal that'll get you noticed for all the right reasons. jewelneck sleeveless approx. 34¼ length from shoulder polyester/spandex lining: polyester dry clean only imported
These sweet ballet socks are totally on pointe for your future ballerina.   cotton washable imported
Give your girl's favorite dolls a new home with this colorful dollhouse, featuring thoughtful details and must-have furniture. includes 17 pieces of furniture 3 stories windows open and close accommodates 4 mini dolls 24.75x13x27.94H assembly required MDF/wood/plastic wipe clean with damp cloth imported meets CPSC requirements WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
Our boyshort swim bottoms have the coverage you want in swimwear with a sporty attitude that keeps you playing and relaxing with confidence. nylon/spandex fully lined hand wash, line dry imported
The perfect fit and look are all rolled up into our ultra-modern, comfortably chic skinny jeans. sits 2½ below waist fitted from hip to ankle skinny leg with 10¼ opening button closure with zip fly five-pocket styling rinse wash: deep rich indigo premium stretch denim dark grey, dark blue dest, rinse, med wash: cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex black, spanish blue: cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 30 inseam petite: 28 inseam tall: 33 inseam
Our Glamorise sports bra with a back closure eliminates uncomfortable bounce.   full support open-air mesh cami design breathes while keeping you secure moisture-wicking fabric reinforced bottom cup 2-way stretch back moves with you no-stretch, extra-wide comfort straps with back adjustment polyester/nylon polymide/elastane washable imported of domestic materials manufacturer's style #1066
When you choose this paisley sheer scarf valance for your window, you're continuing a design tradition with a centuries-old motif. Reinterpreted for your home in rich colors, this paisley print will add timeless style to any room.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart versatile style for creating a variety of designs sheer fabric softly diffuses light use alone or with other window treatments MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at JCPenney Measures 216 wide. Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
Update your bedroom décor with our curtain panels, featuring a traditional look and easy-to-slide grommets.   ●    easy-to-slide grommets●    2.5 grommet opening●    lined●    40x84L●    sold individually●    coordinating window treatments sold separately●    midnight blue, red, taupe: polyester/other; all other colors: polyester●    washable●    imported  
Cardiovascular exercise doesn’t get much more effective than this elliptical featuring a variety of customization options that enhance your workout routine. adjustable 20 power stride effective 28-pound, inertia-enhanced flywheel digital quick incline SMR™ silent magnetic resistance multi-position upper-body grips adjustable oversized cushion pedals commercial-gauge solid steel construction water bottle holder front-mounted wheels for easy transport oversized levelers 5 backlit iFit® display with Bluetooth® compatibility iPod®-compatible audio system with 2 speakers integrated tablet holder 28 preset workout apps 1-22 digital resistance controls built-in CoolAire workout fan EKG grip pulse 325-pound weight capacity Steel/plastic. Measures 47x18x26H. Assembly required. Imported. iPod is a registered trademark of Apple, Inc.
Rock out old school style with this graphic tee featuring the iconic MTV logo.   crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported 
Bring some travel inspiration into your home with these towels featuring a look straight from Paris.   decorative and functional design neutral colors Cotton. Washable. Imported. Bath towel: 52x27 Hand towel: 27x20 Fingertip towel: 18x10½
These simple napkins coordinate beautifully with a variety of table setting styles thanks to their solid design. easy-care fabric set of 4 Cotton. Each measures 19x13. Washable. Imported.
Perfect for both active and casual days, this skater skirt features inner shorts and will have her gliding through her day in comfortable style. relaxed fit flat front indigo blue: polyester/cotton/spandex all other colors: cotton/spandex inner shorts: 100% cotton washable imported
This pillow from Isotonic is filled with IsoLoft™ memory fiber that offers pressure-relieving qualities similar to memory foam.    300 thread-count cotton sateen cover a polyester IsoLoft memory fiber fill continually adapts to movements of the head and neck maximum adjustability perfect for all sleeping styles 2 gusset for added loft and support Measures 18x26. Washable; do not dry clean. Made in America of imported materials.
Add a gorgeous element of nature to your space with this canvas wall art and its dramatic presentation of beautiful red poppies bathed in sunlight. museum-quality print on gallery-wrapped canvas great for indoor display in any room UV coating helps protect against fading 1½ MDF stretcher bars mounting hardware included  Canvas/MDF/metal. Measures 20x16H. Made in America.
An eye-catching plaid pattern lends debonair style to this sleek, silk tie from Stafford. 3 wide; 58 long 100% silk dry clean only imported
To achieve a soft, feminine look for the office or after hours, opt for our short-sleeve overlap-front blouse.  crewneck short sleeves 23 length polyester washable imported
Our sporty Clarks flip flops are a summer essential, boasting supreme cushioning and a hook-and-loop strap for the perfect fit every time. construction synthetic upper synthetic lining rubber sole details adjustable hook-and-loop strap soft fabric toe post EVA cushioned midsole/footbed
Our padded seat with 2-position reclining keeps your baby comfy and secure. stroller harness helps keep your child securely seated holds child up to 40lbs. for years of comfortable strolling lockable front swivel wheels extra-large, drop down storage basket lets you reach in without disturbing your reclined child polyester/metal/plastic/foam construction some assembly required wipe clean 19x27.5x41H imported
Less is more with this watch and its straightforward design—large Roman numerals and three smooth-sweeping hands against an elegant gold-tone dial. Brand: Decree Dial Color: Gold-tone Strap: Synthetic Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 36mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 3mm wide Model No.: Black is DCR130; cream is DCR131; plum is DCR132 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The feathered edge and textured buckle lend sweet style to our reversible belt.  35mm wide reversible black and brown feathered edge polyurethane/leather/bonded leather spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belt for your exact waist size.
Soak up the sun in our dress, featuring a racerback and layered style for the perfect warm-weather look. v-neck sleeveless racerback 36¾-38¾ length rayon/spandex washable imported
Metal: Stainless steel Material: Leather Closure: Magnet Dimensions: 8.75 braid chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail
Bright and bold, our pendant necklace features a brilliant aqua teardrop suspending from an extra-long chain. Metal: Silver-tone metalStone: Aqua synthetic stoneClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 34 long adjustable cable chainPendant Size: 1⅓x1⅕ Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Whatever your passion, Champion has your comfort covered with these soft cotton shorts.   9 inseam relaxed fit elastic waist with drawcord side-seam pockets logo patch on left leg cotton/polyester washable imported
From swimming to sand volleyball, enjoy easy movement in these microfiber swim trunks from Jamaica Bay. Available in a variety of bold, tropical prints. elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets mesh brief 7 inseam polyester washable imported
With a glittery screen print of Spoiled Max, our super-soft tee is sure to look adorable on your little girl. crewneck short sleeves approx. 15¾-18¼ length cotton/polyester washable imported 
Girly style and enviable ease are in full bloom with this soft sleep & play, featuring a convenient ankle-to-chin zipper that makes diaper changes a breeze. worry-free safety tab protects baby's chin ankle-to-chin zipper long sleeves chest pocket with bow built-in footies foldover cuffs on preemie and newborn sizes 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
The Nike Team Training gym sack helps keep your gear organized with an interior divider and bonded zip pocket. The water-resistant fabric and polyurethane-coated bottom also help ensure your essentials stay dry. main compartment with drawcord closure water-resistant fabric zip pocket for secure, small-item storage perforated film provides breathability Swoosh graphic polyester spot clean imported  
The Lux Sateen dress shirt from Van Heusen brings fresh color and easy-care convenience to your favorite suits and sport coats. wrinkle free spread collar with permanent stays button front French placket left chest pocket side back pleat long sleeves adjustable button cuffs shirttail hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Classic colors and patterns are given an updated spin. Toss this indoor/outdoor rug on the floor of any room, patio or deck that sees a lot of foot traffic.   classic braid construction reversible for twice the life extremely durable fibers are stain-, fade- and mildew-resistant ideal for indoor and outdoor high-traffic areas vibrant color combinations coordinate with most home décor Polypropylene. ½ pile height. Vacuum with a hard-surface attachment. Remove spots or spills with a dry cleaning fluid. Professional cleaning recommended. Rug pad recommended. Made in America.
Ball with the best with our Captain America logo basketball jersey. crewneck sleeveless regular fit polyester washable imported
Stay true to your casual-chic style with our skinny ankle jeans for a modern take on a wardrobe staple.   slim fit mid rise 5-pocket styling shank button-and-zip closure white: cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex grey: cotton/viscose/polyester/elastane washable imported misses: 27 inseam petites: 25 inseam
Footwear gets ferociously edgy with these cushioned crew socks, featuring an abstract cheetah blocking print. cushioned heel and toe for added durability and comfort soft polyester yarns for a comfortable fit polyester/natural latex rubber/spandex/nylon washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12
After a hard day at work, rest in comfort in our super-soft nightgown featuring a feminine ribbon-lace neckline. short sleeves 1/2 button front placket cotton/polyester washable imported
This stunning 10K white gold ring set features a gorgeous blue topaz and diamonds that sparkle in all the right ways to make it a piece you’ll cherish forever.   Metal: 10K white gold Stone: 6mm cushion-cut genuine blue topaz Other Stones: 1/3 ct. t.w. round diamonds Diamond Color: I-J Diamond Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong Dimensions: 20x25mm Gallery Height: 6.5mm   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Tie together the perfect outfit by slipping on a pair of our pull-on, slingback-strap wedge sandals, which are the perfect blend of comfort and style. technology memory foam construction synthetic upper and lining rubber sole details wedge heel slingback strap open toe
Show off his DC love with our cotton logo tank top featuring contrasting color hem at the neckline and sleeves for added edgy detail. u-neck 100% cotton washable imported
Our cap-sleeve ruffle dress is ready for a fun night out or a warm daytime party. 38½ length from shoulder fully lined polyester/spandex machine wash, drip dry imported
The go-to jeans for the working man, or any guy who wants a super comfortable fit and plenty of pockets.   midweight cotton denim features extra side pocket and hammer loop classic utility styling  sits just below waist loose fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure classic utility styling extra side pocket and hammer loop straight leg, 18 opening cotton washable imported  
Oblong decorative pillow coordinates with the Sanibel comforter set and accessories from Croscill Classics®.   features leaf embroidery adds an extra layer of detail to your bed measures 15x20 Linen/cotton with polyester fill and cotton back. Spot clean. Imported.
Add a lively burst of color to any outfit with our Spectrum Bloomsbury scarf. 21” x 72” with ½” self fringe rayon dry clean only imported
Arizona’s striped polo shirt brings a pop of prep to his wardrobe and offers timeless comfort and style. flat knit collar 2-button placket cotton/polyester washable imported
Get the job done with these rugged, composite-toe work boots. Their hard-working design features a durable leather upper with gusseted tongue and i-shield treatment that acts as an added barrier against water and oil. construction full-grain leather/nylon mesh upper moisture-wicking lining slip-resistant rubber sole details anti-glare hardware speed lacing system waterproof, breathable bootie and sole fully gusseted tongue compression-molded, impact-absorbing midsole toe traction, heel brake and ladder grips removable sock lining sturdy ASTM-rated composite toe
Our beautiful boxed set of shimmery pieces includes a ring, earrings, bangle and pendant created with an illustrious combination of pink sapphires and cubic zirconia stones. Metal: Sterling silver/brass; silver plated; rhodium plated Stones: 6mm round lab-created pink sapphire stones Other Stones: 3mm round cubic zirconia stones Earring Back: Friction Bracelet Closure: Push lock Pendant Closure: Spring-ring Ring Dimensions: 1.79x2x6.82mm Bangle Dimensions: 7.5Pendant Dimensions: 18 chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Go beyond the basics with our flattering ribbed tank top. roundneck approx. 27¾ - 29½ length fun coral: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Add a flirty element to your laidback vibe with our pretty lace dress. v-neck 3/4 sleeves 36 length from shoulder lace cotton/nylon machine wash, line dry imported
Men's toiletry bag goes anywhere in style. Men's toiletry bag: belted exterior fastener easy to clean nylon interior four removable zippered interior zip compartments 22 x 9¼ wide open 9 x 9¼ wide closed microfiber/nylon hand wash imported three block initial embroidery available white thread embroiderySHIP NOTICE: This item ships from the manufacturer, and is not eligible for free ship-to-store offers. You will be charged upon shipping.
Bring premium styling into your home with this vibrant, plush rectangular rug. stain, slip, mold and fade resistant ½ pile tufted polyester made in America Stain Resistant: YesFade Resistant: YesSlip Resistant: YesRug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: No, latex backing provides slip resistance Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable Origin: Made in America
This handsome portfolio has a convenient slide-loop closure to for easy open and close, and to keep the contents inside secure. It includes an inside pocket, solar calculator, pen loop, card pockets and a ruled notepad. It makes a perfect corporate gift, and is ideal for travel and business meetings. slide-loop closure contemporary design solar calculator inside pocket pen loop card pockets ruled notepad faux leather wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 13½x10½x1 imported
Easily paired with his favorite shirts, these flat-front, relaxed-fit cargo shorts are sure to become a new wardrobe staple. adjustable waist zip fly with button closure 6-pocket styling 100% cotton washable imported
What it is:An all-matte palette with 12 exclusive eye shadows.What it does: By popular demand, tarte is introducing an all-matte shadow palette featuring 12 never-before-seen shades to inspire, celebrate, and empower real women. As beautifully diverse as the brand’s loyal fans, this sleek, statement palette features tarte’s signature Amazonian clay-infused, long-wear eye shadows in a mix of liner, lid, and crease shadow shades. The palette also includes a step-by-step guide for creating smoldering, versatile looks that take you from daytime to playtime. This set contains:- 12 x 0.053 oz Shadows in Free Spirit (cream), Force Of Nature (nude), Dreamer (warm brown), Multi-Tasker (chocolate), Caregiver (pale pink), Natural Beauty (mauve), Best Friend (mulberry), Bombshell (dark plum), Super Mom (ivory), Wanderer (light brown), Power Player (taupe), Fashionista (black).- Step-by-step look guideWhat it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is also formulated without mineral oil, sodium, and gluten. It is dermatologist tested.Suggested Usage:-Use your favorite shadow brush to create your own custom blended bold or more subtle looks suited for any occasion.Ingredients​-Amazonian Clay: Nature’s most perfect ingredient for better, longer, truer wear.-Vitamin E: Acts as a natural preservative and soothing emollient and antioxidant.-Mineral Pigments: Soothe and soften skin. Free Spirit: Talc, Boron Nitride, Silica, Zinc Stearate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Kaolin, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Mica, Montmorillonite, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).Dreamer: Talc, Silica, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Boron Nitride, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Kaolin, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Mica, Montmorillonite. May Contain(+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77019).Force of Nature: Talc, Silica, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Boron Nitride, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Kaolin, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Mica, Montmorillonite. May Contain (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77019).Multi-tasker:Talc, Silica, Boron Nitride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Kaolin, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Mica, Montmorillonite,Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742).Nautral Beauty:Talc, Silica, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Boron Nitride, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Kaolin, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Mica, Montmorillonite. May Contain (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77019).Best Friend: Talc, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Silica, Boron Nitride, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Kaolin, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Mica, Montmorillonite, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (Ci 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77007).Bombshell: Boron Nitride, Zinc Stearate, Silica, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Talc, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Kaolin, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Mica, Montmorillonite, Carmine (CI 75470), Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Ultramarines (CI 77007).Caregiver:talc, boron nitride, silica, zinc stearate, ethylhexyl palmitate, sodium dehydroacetate, phenoxyethanol, sorbic acid, kaolin, magnesium aluminum silicate, mica, montmorillonite, carmine (CI 75470). May Contain(+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499). Super Mom: talc, boron nitride, silica, zinc stearate, ethylhexyl palmitate, sodium dehydroacetate, phenoxyethanol, sorbic acid, kaolin, magnesium aluminum silicate, mica, montmorillonite, carmine (ci 75470). May Contain (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Ultramarines (CI 77007), Manganese Violet (CI 77742), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499). Wanderer:Talc, Silica, Boron Nitride, Zinc Stearate, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Kaolin, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Mica, Montmorillonite, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742).Power Player: Talc, Silica, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Boron Nitride, Zinc Stearate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Kaolin, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Mica, Montmorillonite, Carmine (CI 75470), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Manganese Violet (CI 77742).Fashionista: Talc, Boron Nitride, Silica, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Phenoxyethanol, Sorbic Acid, Kaolin, Zinc Stearate, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Montmorillonite, Mica, Iron Oxides (CI 77499).
Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Blue glass stonesClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 16 long chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Lend romantic style to your everyday look with this genuine aquamarine ring accented with white sapphires.   Metal: 10K yellow gold Stone: Genuine aquamarine, 5x7mm Other Stones: Lab-created white sapphires, 1.5mm Setting: Prong Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Unleash yourself when you put on our comfortable short-sleeve tee. ●    crewneck●    short sleeves●    polyester/cotton●    washable●    imported  
Our wall mount bottle opener is the perfect gift for any father who takes pride in the brew he drinks. The carrier features a magnetic plate to catch bottle caps as they pop off and is engraved with a charming brew house design just for dad. It can also be engraved with a year following EST. for a personalized finishing touch. includes magnetic plate to catch bottle caps fir wood/steel wipe clean with dry cloth .5x4x10H imported Naturally occurring variations, including knots, notches and swirls in the wood grain, are inherent to the material. The rustic finish is intended to enhance the warmth and character of these physical traits and contribute to their one-of-a-kind beauty.
Our soft knit pajama set will keep you comfortably cozy all night long. knit cotton/modal/spandex washable imported
Three round genuine fire opals enthrall on this yellow gold ring. A halo of genuine white opals encircle the center stone.  Metal: 10K yellow goldStones: Genuine opals and genuine fire opals   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Get a great casual look with our 100% cotton cargo shorts that will give you a comfortable fit all day. loose fit sits below waist zip-and-button closure cargo pockets 9½ inseam  100% cotton washable imported
Our St. John's Bay camp shirt is a real classic and is the perfect choice for many occasions. collar double yoke in back with pleat long sleeves with roll cuffs button front chest pockets button hem approx. 27½ length 100% cotton washable imported  
Get both the cognac and black skinny belts for all your outfit needs. •    polyurethane•    metal buckle•    imported
The classic vest gets a big redo with our fantastic sheer-back vest; making it an instant hit in your wardrobe.   collar v-neck sleeveless approx. 27¾-31 length polyester washable imported
Breezy style is easy with these flats featuring a canvas design. canvas/cotton upper cushioned footbed flexible textile sole
Enjoy a dreamlike experience while escaping from the excess heat of your body’s naturally changing sleeping temperature with this luxurious, plush hybrid mattress set.   3 PrimaCool™ elite gel memory foam layer promotes a deep, restorative sleep 3 PrimaSense™ HD gel foam layer conforms to body shape and weight ½ PrimaCore™ gel foam layer absorbs motion Intellicoil individually wrapped coil-in-coil system PrimaComfort™ fabric is super stretchable StabiLux™ edge system provides a substantial yet comfortable mattress edge PrimaFlow™ solid brass air vents release excess heat throughout the night infused Outlast® material promotes a gentle cooling sensation LTD™ foundation provides strong support for years to come Cover is 100% polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring/foundation. Foundation measures 9H; mattress set measures 23H when stacked. Split Queen, King and Cal. King mattress sets feature 2-piece side-by-side foundations for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin XL: 38x79½x14H; 377 coil count Full: 53x74½x14H; 522 coil count Queen: 60x79½x14H; 651 coil count King: 76x79½x14H; 806 coil count Cal. King: 72x83½x14H; 825 coil count
From A to Z, there's cuteness as far as the eye can see. A fabric-print shade tops a light green spindle base on this cheerful nursery lamp. 17H includes energy-efficient bulb lamp base: resin shade: cotton/polyester surface clean imported
These grey tic dress pants give your classic fit a more modern flair with flat-front styling and slightly tapered legs. wrinkle resistant sits at waist classic fit zip fly with hook-and-eye closure 2 front side-seam pockets 2 back button-through welt pockets flat front slightly tapered leg hemmed polyester/rayon dry clean only imported
Color your world! A bright, colorful mix of paisley and floral medallions adds beauty and life to the Asha duvet cover set.   paisley design with multicolor floral medallions textured microfiber fabric for a soft feel brushed fabric on back 3-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: duvet cover sham decorative pillow 4-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: duvet cover 2 shams decorative pillow  Polyester duvet cover with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable. Polyester pillow with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: duvet cover is 66x90; decorative pillow is 18x10 Full/Queen: duvet cover is 86x90; decorative pillow is 18x10 King: duvet cover is 104x90; decorative pillow is 18x10 Coordinating accessories sold separately.
This soft, medium Raja plush is the perfect playtime companion for your Aladdin fan. embroidered facial features 8.7x6.3x12.6 polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Daily use of this moisture therapy shampoo gently cleanses while leaving your hair with a healthy, superior shine and more manageability.   gently cleanses and corrects moisture balance of hair and scalp ionic and cationic hydration interlink technology positively charged silk molecules interlock into hair’s natural structure to build strength and resilience paraben free sulfate free 12 oz.  JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month. 
Short and sweet, our faux-fur booties will be your go-to shoes when the weather turns cool. textile upper ¾ heel button trim cement construction rubber/textile sole
She'll love to mess around in patriotic style when she wears our tank top with a shiny American flag applique and lace hem. polyester/rayon contrast: cotton/nylon washable imported
Romantic and flattering, our flouncy peplum top is one of our most versatile styles for professional days or evenings out. roundneck sleeveless back zipper approx. 25” length polyester/spandex washable imported
This tabbed scooter skirt is a cute and preppy alternative to the classic, pleated skirt.   2 tab details polyester twill washable imported
Wear these high-waist shorts with a simple top tucked inside for a comfortable feel. button closure 2.5 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
This superfleece crewneck sweatshirt from Champion is great for throwing on when the mercury drops. regular fit crewneck pullover long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Mix and match these three pieces for comfy sleep any season! 3-piece set Short sleeves No-pinch elastic waistband Screen-printed slogan 100% polyester jersey Imported Machine washable Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.  
Our swimsuit and dress will look sweet on your little girl, thanks to a daisy print on both items along with glam gold dots on the swimsuit.  includes swimsuit and dress swimsuit: polyester/spandex dress: cotton/polyester washable imported
Embark on your next adventure in style with a rolling duffel bag featuring 15 pockets.     lightweight and durable honeycomb frame telescoping handle system with ergonomic hand grip large ball-bearing in-line skate wheels for easy mobility large main compartment 15 pockets including mesh lid pockets, interior zippered pockets, shoe pockets see-through mesh toiletry pouch 4 convenient exterior pockets for frequently used items High-density polyester. Ballistic nylon bottom. Measures 22x11x11. Imported.
Road tested, these pants keep you looking your best even when you’re traveling. classic fit wrinkle free permanent crease comfort stretch waistband hook-and-eye closure 4 pockets straight leg flat front mid rise hemmed polyester/viscose machine washable imported
Shapeabilities expandable pattern die cuts beautifully embossed shapes and can be used as a stencil. It is also specially designed to be expandable—perfectly symmetrical so you can create backgrounds and textures on a larger scale.   can be used in most leading die-cut machines contains 1 die in a 10½x5¼ package design: butterfly magic imported  
Add some glam to your graceful look with our glitter-trim 3/4-sleeve jacket dress. banded roundneck 3/4-sleeve jacket: 40 length short-sleeve dress with center back zipper 44¾ length from shoulder polyester washable imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
What it is: A set of five uniquely-designed essential brushes housed in an on-trend tribal printed pouch with gunmetal details. What it does: This set features a roomy cosmetics bag that doubles as a clutch plus five innovative makeup brushes for quick and easy application. The allover powder brush features a new domed shape that makes it perfect for more targeted application of powder, blush, and contour. The curved foundation brush hugs the contours of the face to glide on liquid and cream formulas effortlessly, making it perfect for highlighting and strobing. The pointed brow brush is designed to give you ultimate control and precision for any brow look and any formula. The crease brush is cut smaller than a traditional crease brush to give more precise definition to any eye shape. This set contains: - Tribal print Cosmetics clutch - Allover powder brush - Curved foundation brush - Angled shadow brush - Crease brush - Pointed brow brush What else you need to know: The powder brush is made of natural fibers. All other brushes are made of synthetic fibers.
Protect your mattress and enjoy resting on a cloud of softness with the select mattress pad from JCPenney Home.   fits mattresses up to 18 deep 200 thread count plain weave cotton top hypoallergenic polyester fill; 8 ounces per square yard stain release and repellent soft and breathable all cotton cover repel and release protection Cotton/polyester. Washable. Imported. For best results, launder in a large-capacity front-loading washer and dryer. If the mattress pad doesn't have free movement in the washer and dryer, a large-capacity commercial washer and dryer is recommended. Twin: 39x75 Twin XL: 39x80 Full: 54x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 78x80 Cal. King: 72x84  
Colorful, fun hipster panties fit her mood!   cotton/spandex washable imported
Lace insets add a pretty touch to this vibrant medallion-print dress she’ll love to twirl in. sleeveless lace insets dress: polyester/spandex lace: cotton/nylon netting: polyester washable imported
From the coast to the highest peaks, this rugged watch has no limits! This Timex® watch features easy to read numbers, a dependable date window, and an earthy brown nylon strap.   Brand: Timex® Dial Color: White Strap: Brown nylon Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 39.8mm Case Thickness: 9.84mm Bracelet Dimensions: Approx. 209.93mm long, 18mm wide Model No.: 491017R Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Reversible rug pad can be used on any type of floor or carpeting to prevent slipping and sliding.   ideal for laminate, marble, ceramic, tile and wood floors as well as uneven surfaces reversible for twice the wear and tear latex rubber backing Synthetic needlepunch fibers. Rinse off with water. Made in America.
Photography is combined with the science of x-rays to create a unique image for this print wall art.   sleek, thin frame is lightweight and easy to hang based on artwork by artist Albert Koetsier mounting hardware included Measures 13.61x2x13.61H. Keep out of direct sunlight. Made in America. 
true Don't let the whirr of your microwave oven's venting system get under your skin. This LG microwave features powerful ExtendaVent 2.0 technology, providing a broad area of coverage that's as quiet as it is effective. Added features including touch controls and a variety of cooking settings make it a convenient addition to your kitchen. 2.2 cu. ft. capacity is the industry's largest, providing plenty of room to heat large dishes 1000 watts deliver thorough cooking results 10 power levels for powerful cooking flexibility ExtendaVent™ 2.0 system provides a broad area of ventilation for your range, efficiently reducing smoke and lingering cooking smells from the kitchen QuietPower Ventilation 400 CFM exhaust fan with 3 power levels (Turbo, High, Low) for quietly and efficiently removing odor and smoke control SmoothTouch™ LED glass controls located at the bottom of the microwave door for a sleek look that's easy to use EasyClean® interior lets you enjoy fast, high-performance cleaning inside and out without using chemicals 14.2 turntable features on/off function to improve circulation for more even cooking and defrosting bi-level cooking rack for added flexibility auto, time and rapid defrost provide added flexibility for thawing foods from the fridge or freezer humidity-sensing technology determines when food is cooked and automatically turns off the appliance to prevent over- or under-cooking melt-and-soften feature uses a low-wattage setting to melt or soften butter, cream cheese or chocolate without boiling or scorching 8 Sensor Cooking options determine when food is cooked and automatically turns off the appliance to prevent over- or under-cooking Energy Savings key saves energy by turning off display when not in use (after 5-minute inactivity period) child lock setting enables you to deactivate the keypad, preventing the oven from being accidentally started incandescent cooktop lighting features 3 settings for added convenience 29x17x15
Floral scrollwork on the silver-tone metal adds an elaborate touch to this domed simulated turquoise ring. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Simulated turquoiseGallery Height: .32 Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Both sleek and alluring, our Worthington pencil skirt features a simple side slit for comfort and style. side zip 29 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Full of alluring features like embroidered detailing on the bodice and a stunning tie at the waist, our lace and taffeta bridal gown is perfect for your special day. v-neck high-low skirt invisible back zip 60 length from shoulder polyester lining polyester top; polyester/nylon/spandex skirt spot clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Comfortable in even the toughest working conditions, our Viper Pro 5 boots feature a professional look and superior grip for extra protection. construction full-grain leather/nylon mesh upper high-traction, oil/slip-resistant rubber sole details lace-up entry waterproof, breathable bootie keeps the interior dry composite shank offers lightweight yet safe support  
Nothing beats the reliable comfort that a go-to hoodie provides and the casual styling of this Arizona hoodie just might become your new favorite. •    drawstring hood •    zip front•    kangaroo pockets•    cotton/polyester/rayon•    washable•    imported  
Featuring Dri-FIT technology to keep you comfortable while you work out, our short-sleeve tee by Nike is the natural choice. v-neck straight bottom hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Adorned with a colorful floral print, these stretchy gray leggings offer a sweet style that coordinates easily with her favorite tops. covered elastic waistband screen print graphic cotton/elastane washable imported
Start off with this 5-pc. knife block set and see why having the right tools in the kitchen makes cooking so much easier.   symmetrically designed serrated blades never need sharpening commercial quality, stain- and rust- resistant stainless steel ergonomic handles fit easily into your hand knife block made of richly grained wood and designed to protect your fine cutlery 5-piece set includes: 5 santoku knife 4½ utility knife 3½ paring knife kitchen shears storage block Stainless steel. Hand wash. Imported.  
For the fourth of July or any day you want to show patriotic pride, these fabric hair ties add color to your ponytail. set includes 3 solid and 1 printed tie imported
The perfect complement to any dress-up occasion, our leather bike-toe dress shoes feature comfort gel construction from Nunn Bush.   technology impact-absorbing gel pad provides cushioning for all-day comfort EVA footbed provides ultimate support and maximum cushioning construction smooth leather upper rubber sole details lace up lightweight sole offers extra durability perforated sock liner increases breathability
Keep your little bird warm and snuggly in this sweet layette set, featuring an easy-match collection of everyday essentials. includes bodysuit, cap, socks and bib bodysuit: snap front, long sleeves, chest pocket with bow, nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel bib: snap closure, 3 layers bodysuit, cap and bib: cotton socks: cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported
A modern alternative to a slip, these long shorts from Jockey are a perfect style for added coverage underneath.    tagless nylon/spandex/cotton machine wash, line dry imported  
Kick back and relax in this sleek and sporty short-sleeve ringer tee, which is comfortable, versatile and easy to wear. roundneck approx. 25¼-30¼ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Look cool and casual in our sleeveless button-front shirt, with a loose fit that pairs great with leggings or skinny jeans. sleeveless button front 100% cotton washable imported
Gorgeous red clusters on this gold-tone collar necklace will spice up any look. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Red stonesClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 19 long adjustable cable chain  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
From naptime to play time, these snug-fitting footed pajamas will keep him comfy and cozy. includes pajamas and embroidered bib long sleeves ankle-to-chin snap closure worry-free safety tab foldover cuffs on newborn size built-in bunny footies reinforced snaps on reinforced panel hook-and-loop bib closure 100% cotton washable imported For child’s safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Taking traditional design to another level with its beautiful details and duo of rich finishes, this dining set showcases fine craftsmanship in any small space.   solid hardwood construction with cherry veneers cherry and antique black finishes corner-block and butt-joint joinery adjustable glides help prevent surface damage 5-piece set includes: table 4 chairs Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported. Table: 42Wx42Dx30H Each chair: 20Wx17Dx41H with an 18 seat height
Add a pop of vibrant color to your everyday style with these genuine red garnet and white topaz dangle earrings.  Metal: Sterling silverStones: Genuine garnet and white topazBack: WireDimensions: 7x14mm long   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Take it anywhere. This GPS-enabled chronograph watch knows your exact positioning to help you track your run, walk or hike with precision. Its compact size is great for smaller wrists.   Brand: Soleus Dial Color: Gray Strap: Black silicone Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 41mm Case Thickness: 16mm Bracelet Dimensions: 177.8mm long, 22mm wide Model No.: SG006005 Special Features: Stop watch; date display; perpetual calendar; GPS receiver; USB data upload; 1/100-second chronograph function; rechargeable battery Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Whether you're out on the beach or hitting the streets, these sandals are a chic addition to your look with their pretty beaded design. synthetic upper adjustable ankle strap hand-beaded upper rubber sole
Add the perfect finishing touch to your look with these platform sandals, perfect for a night out or special occasion. synthetic upper 1½ platform, 4½ heel adjustable buckle closure synthetic sole
Enjoy softness, durability and less shrinking with Hanes cotton blend boxer briefs.   ultra-soft ComfortBlend cotton-poly fabric dries quickly durable fabric shrinks less than 100% cotton and holds its shape tagless comfortflex® waistband longer leg with approximately 9 inseam no ride-up leg fully functional fly cotton/polyester washable imported
He’ll join the dark side when he wears these awesome athletic shoes.   construction     leather/synthetic/textile upper     padded collar and tongue     cushioned comfort insole     flexible rubber traction sole     details       metallic mesh fabric detail     z-strap and self-adhesive closure      
Breezy and cool matte safari hat keeps you comfortable no matter where your adventure takes you.   Panama Jack logo antiqued eyelets straw with fabric band spot clean imported
Designed to keep side sleepers cool and comfortable all night, this memory foam pillow adapts to your changing body temperature to help you sleep better.   removable 300 thread-count cotton cover combines with Outlast Adaptive comfort material helps reduce tossing and turning urethane foam fill memory foam helps reduce pressure on sensitive areas of the neck Active Air Technology provides additional airflow for a cooler night's sleep 2 gusset promotes natural head and neck alignment washable cover; spot clean foam measures 22x16x2H Manufacturer's 5-year warranty. Made in America of imported materials.  
Our basketball shorts feature an elastic waist and loose fit for a comfortable, athletic look.  elastic waist with drawstring side pockets 12 inseam polyester washable imported
Give your look more color and character with this hearty plaid oxford from Dockers. easy care big & tall fit button-down collar button front long sleeves left chest pocket with logo embroidery rounded hem cotton/polyester washable imported  
Ride a wave of color and move-easy comfort in these brushed microfiber swim trunks from Nike. elastic waist with lace-up closure for a snug, comfortable fit built-in mesh brief for comfort, breathability and support mesh-lined side pockets internal pocket for small-item storage 9 inseam polyester washable imported
Keep your medical info and allergies on you at all times with this medical ID tag necklace.   Metal: Stainless steel Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 20 long figaro chain Pendant Size: 20x20mm long Personalize: up to 2 lines with up to 12 characters each   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
true This top-load washer form Samsung can handle any size load your family throws at it with over 4.8 cu. ft. of capacity and the special AquaJet® technology ensure that even your biggest loads of laundry get clean. ENERGY STAR® qualified Large 4.8 cu.ft. capacity gets more laundry done in less time AquaJet® Cleaning Technology harnesses the power of high-impact water jets to gently wash your biggest loads Self Clean technology keeps your top load washer tub fresh by removing dirt and bacteria Smart Care – Troubleshoot straight from your Smartphone Easily customize each load as needed with 11 preset wash cycles designed to tackle everything from delicate garments to heavy duty sheets and towels. Stainless Steel Diamond Drum extends Clothing Life by Treating Fabrics Gently Automatic water level adjustment reduces waste fill hoses are required for installation (sold separately)
Feminine flutter sleeves and ruched details lend a touch of romance to our soft Vanity Fair nightgown. nylon washable imported  
The next time you workout, keep yourself looking cool with great gear like our print ombre capris.  fitted inside pocket elastic waistband infinity drawcord 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Strap on some style in the form of this men's silver-tone watch from Ingersoll. A croc-embossed, black leather strap enhances the upscale feel of the black dial with its super-sized Roman numerals and luminescent hands. Your natural movements power this watch's automatic technology, so you never have to worry about battery replacements.   Brand: Ingersoll® Dial Color: Black Strap: Black leather Clasp: Deployment Movement: Automatic Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 47mm Case Thickness: 10mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long, 22mm wide Model No.: IN1815BK Special Features: Automatic technology, luminescent hands, stainless steel case, mineral crystal, day/date/month display, 3ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Stay cool by the pool in these indigo floral-print swim shorts by The Foundry Supply Co. relaxed fit drawstring closure 2 side pockets 1 back pocket polyester washable imported
A fun tassel with colored beads accents this tote, and a choice between handle or strap lets you temporarily ease a shoulder while you take this bag in hand to your next stop. ●    handle, 5.5 drop●    shoulder strap, 26 drop●    synthetic●    1 inside zipper pocket; 1 phone pocket●    13.5x4x11.25●    imported
Ideal for the office, our modern-fit, slim-leg career ankle pants sit at your waist, with a relaxed fit through the hip and thigh, and angled front pockets for a lean, slimming effect. zip fly with hook, bar and inside button closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front cat-eye pockets 2 back faux welt pockets polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 27 inseam misses short: 25 inseam misses long: 29 inseam petite: 25 inseam
Bring a touch of glamour into your wardrobe with the feminine feel of the Maidenform underwire demi bra.   padded for natural lift back-smoothing design nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #9402
This 4-piece pajama set, featuring fun allover printed graphics, will be fun for bedtime mix-and-matching and cozy slumber. includes 2 short-sleeve shirts and 2 pants ribbed neckline no-pinch elastic waistband 100% cotton washable imported For child’s safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Slip into our snuggly Stylus flyaway sweater to keep out the chill and to maintain your cool look. open front short sleeves approx. 30 length cotton/nylon washable imported
Boasting targeted cushioning and moisture-wicking technology, our Champion no-show performance socks go the extra mile so you can too. package of 4 pairs Double Dry technology wicks moisture away to keep feet cool and dry arch support for a secure, stable fit cushioned heel and toe in high-impact areas   polyester/spandex/other fibers           washable imported fits shoe sizes 5-9
Our straight-leg jeans feature a casual look and hidden tummy-control features that slim and shape your waistline. Secretly Slender Technology is designed with a built-in panel to flatten and instantly slim your tummy sits just below waist relaxed through hip and thigh straight leg with 16 opening 10¼ front rise; 15¼ back rise button closure with zip fly five-pocket styling rinse wash: rich deep indigo medium wash: medium blue with handsanding and whiskering on front thighs stretch denim cotton/polyester/spandex black: rayon/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 32  inseam long: 34 inseam short: 30 inseam petite: 29½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam
Our durable cotton cargo shorts will have your little guy feeling comfortable and looking sharp, featuring plenty of pockets and an adjustable waist for the perfect fit. adjustable elastic waistband 2 front and back pockets 2 side cargo pockets relaxed fit 100% cotton washable imported
Our solid drapey cardigan has a flyaway design and back seam detail to add subtle style. 3/4 sleeves approx. 36¾-38 length extreme orchid: acrylic other colors: viscose/acrylic washable imported
An overlapping v-neckline and kangaroo pocket mean our striped tunic will give you equal parts function and style. approx. 27 - 30 length polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
The grids on this tie will add just the right amount of dimension to your dressed up look.   3⅜ wide silk spot clean imported
Ultra-feminine lace trim lends charm to our figure-flattering microfiber bikini panties. nylon/spandex washable imported Small: 5 Medium: 6 Large: 7 X-Large: 8 XX-Large: 9  
true Relish an attractive appearance and full stainless steel interior with this high-performing dishwasher, complete with 102 cleaning jets and a reversing quad blade wash arm.   It also offers a delay start so you can wash dishes at your convenience and cabinet depth installation for a clean, flush appearance that blends in with cabinetry. ENERGY STAR® qualified top control with color LCD display 46 dBA with LED status indicator on the door 4 bottle wash jets integrated into the upper rack shower water deep inside tall items for the ultimate clean full-extension, smooth glide upper rack with fold-down tines for large or odd-shaped items easy touch adjustable upper rack with 2 Stem Safe shelves that can move moved 2 inches up or down to accommodate tall glassware and 10½ plates lower rack with adjustable tines and Wash Your Way customizable rack 3-piece silverware basket with Soft-Touch handle advanced wash system with 102 cleaning jets 25 spray jets to hit items from every angle variable pressure jets ensure every dish is completely clean with middle and lower arms that vary water pressure for thorough coverage wash zones allow you to wash a true half-load in either the upper or lower rack with the same cycles available on a full wash sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes rinse aid indicator light signals when rinse aid is low Floor Protect with Alert Technology easily detects uncommon leaks hidden vent with fan that circulates air to remove moisture 
Meet your new favorite pants: skinny twills with faux front-zip pockets and a sleek, flattering silhouette. 5-pocket styling 34 inseam cotton/rayon/spandex washable imported
Arouse interest with this stunning gemstone ring. A bold, center sapphire lends rich color to the timeless design, while a ¼ ct. t.w. diamond frame offers optimum sparkle. Metal: 10K yellow gold Stone: 7x5mm genuine sapphire Other Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. diamonds Setting: Prong and channel Ring is only available at jcp.com in size 7. Diamonds total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Make a splash this summer with the comfort and protection of our Nike Sunray adjustable toddler sandals.   technology lightweight Phylon midsole with sensory motion engineered flexibility and comfort construction synthetic upper rubber sole details slip on Velcro® strap closure for easy on/off
Add some flirty sass to your look with our delightful lace-up shirt. v-neck 3/4 sleeves approx. 24 length polyester/rayon washable imported
A fun pattern and a streamlined shape make this empire-waist swimdress perfect for your style. tank straps built-in soft cups partially lined nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported
Slip into our Liz Claiborne cardigan for an updated look and then discover how comfy-cozy it is. long sleeves misses: 25 1/2 length petites: 23 1/2 length acrylic/rayon machine wash, dry flat imported
Bursting with vibrant color, these peridot earrings set in 14k yellow gold will make any look pop. Made in America.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 4x6mm pear-shaped genuine green peridot Back: Leverback Dimensions: 4x6mm   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The fun print design of these shorts from The Foundry Supply Co. will bring some life to your cool casual style. relaxed fit 3 front pockets 2 back button-through pockets flat front button fly 11 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Keep your feet comfortable while on the move with the targeted cushioning and climacool® 360-degree ventilation technology of these performance low-cut socks. arch compression for support climacool technology provides maximum breathability cushioned heel and toe acrylic/polyester/nylon/spandex/latex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12
Perfect for your dress pants or nice jeans, these leather loafers are a comfortable and cool addition to any outfit. construction leather upper synthetic sole details slip on with lace detail cushioned footbed
What it is:A two-in-one lip tint and gloss for vivid and glamorous lips. What it does:This dual tint and gloss features a color that expresses vibrant color, and a lip gloss that leaves the lips hydrated. The long-lasting gel-based tint offers two different shades of rich, bold color. Infused with soothing cupuaçu butter, the gloss moisturizes and volumizes lips—even while on the go. Suggested Usage:-Start by applying tint outwards, from inner lip to the outer lip. -Finish by evenly spreading the lip gloss over tinted lips with the brush. -Tip: the tint or gloss may be worn on its own to create a different look. Size:0.90 oz / 0.10 ozIngredients:-Cupuacu Butter: Moisturizes and volumizes. Tint: Water, Butylene Glycol, Glycerin, Carbomer, Phenoxyethanol, Tromethamine, Polysorbate 20, Methylparaben, Yellow 6, Red 28 Lake, Sodium Citrate, Yellow 5, Fragrance, Dextrin, Stevioside, Citric Acid, Theobromagrandiflorum Seed Butter. It May Contain: Red 33, Blue1, Red 28. Gloss: Polybutene, Diisostearyl Malate, Triethylhexanoin, Pentaerythrityl Tetraethylhexanoate, Silica Silylate, Vp/Hexadecenecopolymer, Microcrystalline Wax, Ethylhexylmethoxycinnamate, Titanium Dioxide, Tocopheryl Acetate, Fragrance, Dehydroacetic Acid, Polyglyceryl-2triisostearate, Yellow 5 Lake, Red 28 Lake, Polyglyceryl-2 Diisostearate, Theobromagrandiflorum Seed Butter. It May Contain: Yellow 6 Lake, Red 6, Red 7.
Pintuck details and front embellishments update our effortlessly stylish peasant top. crewneck with notch and ties short sleeves rayon/polyester washable imported
Stay comfortable during your most intense workouts in our moisture-wicking print capris featuring a moisture wicking construction to keep you looking and feeling cool. reinforced moisture wicking gusset reflective logo detail 17 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
She can be a storybook princess with this Cinderella costume that has a satin dress with iridescent organza piecing on the bodice and a scalloped detail collar, top center front and trim. The costume also has double layer cap sleeves with glittered organza, a Cinderella cameo on top of a satin ribbon, and a shimmering organza overskirt and glittering mesh on top of a satin skirt. cameo scalloped detailing 3-layered skirt polyester washable imported
Effortlessly hide box springs and bed frames with this easy-to-change bedskirt that lets you slip it around your box spring without having to lift the mattress. innovative design and versatile style skirt length can be adjusted from 15 to 18 eyelet design Polyester/cotton. Washable. Imported. Twin/Full: 39x75 Queen/King: 60x80
Show off your light and casual side in our linen shorts—a warm-weather wardrobe must-have. elastic waist with twill tape drawstring zip front front slant pockets back patch pockets 3¾ inseam 100% linen washable imported
A ribbed neckline and comfortable feel make our tank top from Arizona a perfect addition for your warm-weather wears. crewneck federal blue: 100% cotton other colors: cotton/polyester washable imported
Your relaxing retreat awaits with these indoor/outdoor rugs in a captivating vine and floral pattern.   mold and mildew resistant woven construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Egypt 0.157 pile height; 0.25 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Polypropylene Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Care Instructions: Spot clean Use: Indoor/outdoor Origin: Imported  
Our peasant-style top trimmed in lace will add an ultra feminine flair to your ensemble.  scoopneck 3/4 sleeves 28 length rayon/polyester hand wash, line dry imported
A relaxing seating and sleeping solution for any room in your home, this convertible sofa is a full-size bed when laid flat and an oversized couch when propped upright.   wood and steel frame chrome-finished metal plush seat cushions filled with upholstery foam and cotton batting each half is independently adjustable Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 71Wx38Dx18H overall with a 13 seat height, 21 seat depth and 18 seat back height; measures 71Wx38Dx16 when fully reclined. Assembly required. Imported.
Our mesh tee is made from moisture-wicking fabric to keep you cool and dry and features the Asics logo for a cool, athletic look.  crewneck short sleeves fitted polyester washable imported
Featuring a pullover-style hoodie and no-pinch elastic-waistband shorts, this 2-piece set is perfect for your little one's wardrobe. allover print hoodie: 100% cotton shorts: linen/viscose washable imported
A unique and beautiful interpretation of your religious belief. This two-tone cross pendant showcases a peridot and white sapphires, lending a hint of color and a pop of shine.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold over sterling silver and rhodium-plated sterling silver Stone: Genuine peridot, 4x4mm Other Stones: Lab-created white sapphires Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 rope chain Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
When mealtime arrives, you need all the help you can get to give baby a comfortable place to eat. The Safety 1st Swing Tray Booster Seat is easy to use and simple to clean, making your life just a bit easier. 1-hand swing tray for easy access smooth, easy-wipe seat removable, dishwasher-safe tray with cup holder 3-level height adjustment 3-point harness built-in chair straps for non-slip security 12¾x14x13 plastic assembly required, instructions included dishwasher-safe tray; wipe clean made in America meets CPSIA/CPSC/CARB requirements  
Stand out from the crowd with the showstopping style and comfortable ease of these boots featuring criss-cross embellished strapping down the back for a fashionable moto look. construction synthetic upper rubber sole details 1¼ heel zip entry cushioned comfort footbed
Featuring rubbed and lacquered finishes, this dining set is a classic and versatile addition to your home. solid hardwood construction rubbed and lacquered finish finger-joint joinery turned feet table includes an 18 leaf extension each barstool has a 250-pound weight capacity 5-piece set includes: standard-height table 4 standard-height barstools Imported. Table: 54Wx36Dx36H without leaf extension; measures 54Wx54Dx36H with leaf extension Each barstool: 46Wx17Dx48H with a 30 seat height
Soak up the sun in our super-cute sandals, featuring a stripe print and bows on the upper to liven up your favorite warm-weather outfits. polyurethane upper slip on bow details round toe rubber sole
Color-enhanced black diamond accents form a stylized square within a gleaming sterling silver frame to create a modern look in diamond stud earrings. Metal: Sterling silverStones: Color-enhanced black diamond accentsBack: PostDimensions: 6x6mm Some diamonds may be treated and require special care
Eyelet details and a chunky heel lend chic style to these faux leather booties from Journee Collection. faux suede upper\ 3 faux wood-grain chunky block heel 5 shaft height 9 shaft circumference open toe inside zip entry synthetic upper Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
The comfortable convenience of a duster sweater is hard to beat, but our Arizona duster takes it up a notch with fun fringe.   fringe hem approx. 34 length acrylic/polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Add some cool to your casual style with our plaid button-front shirt, featuring an oversized style that pairs perfectly with your favorite leggings and skinny jeans. collarneck button front 1 front pocket long sleeves approx. 30-32¾ length 100% cotton washable imported
What it is:An ultracreamy, lengthening, and volumizing mascara for stand-out lashes.What it does:Perversion glides on easily to iKStantly create sexy lashes. It has a creamy, full-bodied texture that is not too dry and not too wet to allow just the right amount of pull as it glides through lashes. This formula is not sticky or clumpy, and it contaiKS HairdeKSyl, a complex blend of proteiKS and amino acids that are known to stimulate lash growth. The honey extract provides deep nourishment, sea idrolized elastine stimulates the hair follicle, and marine collagen protects. The high-tech, volumizing brush separates and defines each lash for a clean, clump-free finish, and the triple-black pigments leave them looking inteKSely black.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- ParabeKSSize:0.13 ozIngredients​-HairdeKSyl: Complex blend of proteiKS and amino acids that stimulates lash growth.-Honey Extract: Provides deep nourishment.-Sea Idrolized Elastine: Stimulates the hair follicle.-Marine Collagen: Protects lashes.Water, Synthetic Beeswax, Acacia Senegal Gum, Stearic Acid, Palmitic Acid, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax (Cera Carnauba/Cire de Carnuba), Butylene Glycol, Glyceryl Stearate, Polybutene, VP/Eicosene Copolymer, Aminomethyl Propanol, Pentylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Potassium Sorbate, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Soluble Collagen, Myristic Acid, Arachidic Acid, Behenic Acid, Glycerin, Propylene Glycol, Oleic Acid, Mel (Honey/Miel) Extract, Sodium PCA, Hydrolyzed Elastin, Glycogen, Serine. [+/- (May Contain): CI 77499 (Iron Oxides)].
With stretch twill and a slimming tummy panel, our Bermuda shorts will surely become an everyday favorite. hook-and-bar front closure straight leg 9 inseam washable cotton/spandex imported
Flirty flutter sleeves and a back keyhole take this relaxed, casual stripe top to a new level of fun. v-neck back neck keyhole with button short sleeves rayon/polyester washable imported
This groovy scarf is a meld of colors across a ruched fabric, giving it vibrancy and texture. 30x21x8 acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
Great with both jeans and dresses, these sophisticated ankle booties by Liz Claiborne elevate your look. textile/synthetic upper 3⅜ heel side zipper rubber sole
A perfect option for everyday easy style, our long-sleeve tunic shirt makes the must-have list. collar long sleeves with cuff button with placket 31 9/16-35 5/8 length 100% cotton washable imported
Whether you're sautéing foods or preparing risotto, this sauté pan with helper handle is the quintessential piece for any chef's kitchen. The deep, straight sides of this entertaining-size pan lend room to any party size dish. Deep sides give extra capacity so that you can braise, stew, deglaze, or add additional ingredients after browning for recipes such as chicken and rice or paella.   unique oval shape of this sauté allows you to fit on one burner without giving up all the others beautiful porcelain exterior adds a punch of color to your kitchen long-lasting nonstick interior lets food slide off with ease and makes clean up quick and easy fun silicone handles provides a comfortable grip and are oven safe to 400°F tempered glass lid lets you watch your food cook without having to remove the lid to keep moisture locked in Enameled aluminum. Hand wash. Not recommended for use on ceramic/glasstop stoves. Imported.  
Decorative buckles and a slouchy design add urban style to our must-have boots by Journee Collection. Also available in wide calf. faux-leather upper 13½ shaft height regular calf: 15 shaft circumference wide calf: 17 shaft circumference buckle details round toe fabric lining slightly padded footbed raised seams and topstitching for a finished look rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
This shaver does it all so that you can, too. Easily switch from facial shaving to body hair without losing your stride, and enjoy long use with a rechargeable battery. modular design to define you complete look use with shaving cream for extra skin protection rechargeable battery offers up to 40 minutes use with one charge battery light lets you know when battery is low, charging or full includes cleaning brush and protective cap plastic/metal rinse clean 5.04x2.76x9.65H imported Manufacturer’s 2-year limited warranty
This bright and happy dress and cardigan set is perfect for special events or just because. sleeveless dress nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel allover floral pattern dress: 100% cotton cardigan: cotton/polyester washable imported
This sturdy aluminum laptop attaché keeps office essentials and personal items safe, secure and organized when you’re on the go.   water-resistant exterior sturdy hardside design with corner guard protection top carry handle interior compartment holds laptops up to 17.3 removable zippered accessory pouch and padded spacers dual combination locks convenient organizer section Metal exterior with a leather interior. Measures 18x4½x13H. Spot clean. Imported.
Style school is back in session with this button-front, long-sleeve Oxford shirt, featuring wrinkle-free fabric and tail hem.   expandable button-down collar left chest pocket pleat sleeve cuff cotton/polyester washable imported
Show your style is endless with this infinity symbol in silver-plated metal on a black macramé bracelet.   Metal: Silver-plated brass Stones: Clear crystals Material: Black macramé cord Length: 7 adjustable Charm Dimensions: 1.17L Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The set of 4 Anastasia napkins is perfect for everyday use or entertaining.   two-toned with a traditional floral pattern Polyester/cotton. Measures 18x18. Washable. Imported.
Designed to go the distance for your workout style, our vapor shorts gives you the benefit of superior performance and lasting comfort. elastic waistband with drawstring X Temp™ technology dries faster as body heat rises reflective details for visibility 4 inseam polyester washable imported
Our 2-pc. set includes a bold logoed Puma shirt and matching shorts for a complete athletic outfit. crewneck sleeveless elastic waist polyester washable imported
The on-trend Southwestern fashion is making its way across the country and with it comes beautiful aqua and turquoise colors on silver-tones for easy outfit matching. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Blue stones and simulated turquoiseClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 24 long chainPendant: 3x3.75 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Finish off that perfect look with our gorgeous Gail slip-on flats. The braided embellishment adds a special twist, making these shoes anything but basic. construction synthetic upper rubber sole details microfiber sock EVA inserted in insole braided trim  
You'll love the Pure Genius Lace Racerback bra that's fun and sporty, yet sexy and soft, with a built-in sling for extra support, lace accents and added coverage.   smoothing spacer with trimmed back for stay-put support lace details full coverage cups with side sling racerback nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #7112
Make sure she looks her best all day in our flamingo top and skirt set.  includes tank top and skirt roundneck encased elastic waistband polyester washable imported
This colorful Miles graphic tee, with cool puff-print details, is ready for any adventure the day holds. crewneck long sleeves rib-knit collar puff print silver foil details shoulder patch 100% cotton washable imported
Our striped v-neck tee is a simple piece for your wardrobe you can wear again and again.  v-neck short sleeves left chest embroidery 100% cotton washable imported
The distressed finish of this rustic console table gives any space an ample dose of country-style character.   solid pine construction with a metal frame distressed natural finish joined with bolts and lock washers fixed bottom shelf offers extra display space Measures 50Wx19Dx29H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Imported.
Add some charming detail to your room with our 100% cotton window panels.  3 rod pocket sold individually 100% cotton washable imported Coordinating window treatments sold separately.
Our front-closure Olga To A Tee is the ultimate T-shirt bra featuring smooth, contoured cups and unique stretch along the edges for a flawless fit that disappears under your clothes. tag free front-adjustable straps for added convenience adjustable comfort straps secure barrel-front closure molded cups unique stretch along the edge of the cups provide the perfect fit underwire nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry manufacturer’s style # GB2451A
She'll cozy up in bed in style when she's in this zebra gown, which is as sassy and fun as she is. short sleeves polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Cool warm-weather has never been so easy and comfortable as with our sleeveless striped midi dress. roundneck drawstring waist approx. 42-45 length from shoulder cotton/polyester washable imported
Transform your bedroom into a tranquil retreat with this lavish comforter set featuring bold jewel tones and the smooth curves of a medallion print.   gold and dark red tones decorative flange on the comforter and shams pleated bedskirt 4-piece set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 16 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full and Queen sets include standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Polyester/cotton comforter with polyester fill; polyester/cotton shams and bedskirt. Dry clean. Imported. Full: comforter is 80x90; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 54x75 Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 60x80 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 78x80 Cal. King: comforter is 104x100; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 72x84  
Light can be stylish too, and shows it with this table lamp that fits nicely with any modern decor. mercury glass base brushed nickel beige shade 3-way twist switch Steel base with a glass column. Measures 26½H. Polyester/linen/cotton shade is 10H with a 14 bottom diameter and a 14 top diameter. Uses one 150W bulb, not included. Assembly required. Imported. CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: A Title 20-compliant table lamp with an on/off switch will be shipped to the state of California and include a CFL bulb.
  Cute and comfy, the adorable strap shoes are great for everyday play.   synthetic upper flexible strap near ankle for a secure fit rubber sole
Premium, no-iron dress pants from Van Heusen feature an ultra-soft blended fabric that doesn’t require any extra care to look great.   no-iron fabric regular fit sits lower on the waist 2 front pockets 2 back welt pockets with buttons flat front straight leg polyester/rayon washable imported
Rep a moto-chic style with our sleek seamed ponte knit leggings and give your daytime look instant edge. elastic waistband 31½ inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
The Nassau Bistro Set is the perfect place to enjoy your Sunday morning brunch. With your two chairs and table, you'll have the perfect intimate setting.   cast aluminum construction with an aged copper finish wide-leg stance adds stability features sculpted tulip design perfect for your patio, balcony or garden Aluminum. Rinse with mild soap and water. Some assembly required. Imported. Table: 23½ diameter, 26H 2 chairs: 17¾x17¾x34H
Rose-tone markings set against a black dial give this men’s watch a warm, gentlemanly feeling. Kinetic technology translates your natural motion into power for the watch—no batteries needed—and a power reserve indicator shows when the watch is running low.   Brand: Seiko Dial Color: Black Strap: Brown leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 42mm Case Thickness: 13½mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8” long, 22mm wide Model No.: SRN054 Special Features: Power reserve indicator, date display, 10 ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Tie up your look with the addition of these sweet bow earrings.   Metal: Silver-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: .45x.32 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
What it is: An award-winning, aluminum-free deodorant that is 100 percent natural, safe, and effective. What it does: Finally, a natural deodorant that works. Get superior odor protection with this 100 percent natural, freshly scented deodorant. Soothing essential oils blend with beta-glucan technology fight odor effectively while soothing, conditioning, and nourishing the delicate underarm area. It goes on clean, with no sticky wetness, and delivers long-lasting, luxurious results. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens What else you need to know: This product is clinically tested, dermatologist-recommended, non-irritating, allergy-tested, and does not contain aluminum or mineral oils. Size:0.9 ozIngredients: -Beta-Glucan Technology: Promotes healthy skin and fights odor with a complex of powerful antioxidants, anti-bacterial agents, and polysaccharides.-Goji Berry: Provides powerful antioxidant and anti-inflammatory action, 21 essential minerals, and 18 amino acids.-Japanese Honeysuckle: Acts as a natural preservative and an antibacterial and anti-inflammatory agent.-Lichen Lemon and Tea Tree Oils: Prevent the growth of odor-causing bacteria; provide safe, long-lasting protection sans harsh chemicals or alcohol.Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice (Aloe Juice, Water), Propanediol (Corn Derived), Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Sodium Stearate (Coconut Derived), Silica, Carrageenan (Seaweed Derived), Stearyl Behenate (Coconut Derived), Citrus Medica Limonum (Lemon Peel Oil), Inulin (Artichoke Derived), Saccharomyces Ferment, Alpha-Glucan Oligosaccharide (Sugar Derived), Yeast Beta Glucan, Lonicera Caprifolium (Honeysuckle) Flower Extract, Usnea Barbata (Lichen) Extract, Valeriana Officinalis Root Extract (Valerian), Hydrastis Canadensis (Goldenseal) Extract, Melaleuca Alternifolia (Tea Tree) Flower/Leaf/Stem Extract, Lycium Barbarum Fruit Extract (Goji Berry), Botanical Fragrance Blend.
Boost your wardrobe with our Liz Claiborne shell top, a versatile beauty you'll wear again and again. roundneck short sleeves approx. 27½ length polyester/rayon washable imported
These soft, breathable athletic quarter socks from Gold Toe feature reinforced toe and cushioned footbed for long-lasting comfort and durability. package includes 6 pairs + 2 bonus packs cushioned foot to absorb shock reinforced toe for better fit, comfort and wear black: cotton/nylon/spandex white: cotton/polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12½  
Featuring sophisticated buckle detail and a slight heel, our moto-inspired boots by a.n.a are the perfect fit for any occasion and look amazing over your favorite skinny jeans and leggings.   synthetic upper 1½ heel 16¼ shaft side zip elastic gore jersey lining rubber sole  
Send her to sleep in style with this comfy and versatile pajama set. includes sleeveless top, shorts and pants elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
This swingy Frozen top adds breezy comfort that's perfect on sunshiny days. crewneck cap sleeves high-low hem polyester washable imported
Add the finishing touch to any ensemble with this pendant necklace, featuring charms and crystal accents.   Metal: Silver-tone rhodium Stones: Crystals Closure: Lobster clasp Dimension: 26″ link chain with 3″ extension   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Keep your head in the game with these lightweight basketball shorts from Xersion. regular fit sits at waist side pockets elastic waist with drawstring 12” inseam polyester washable imported
Add some charm to your walls and create additional space with this beautiful solid wood floating wall shelf. wood and metal construction black woodgrain finish hanging hardware included wipe clean 10x36x1 1/8H imported
Get into your comfort zone in our soft slub jersey knit hoodie, complete with a front kangaroo pocket and drawstring hood. v-neck garment butter washed slub jersey knit cotton/polyester washable imported misses: approx. 26⅛ - 27¾ length petite: 24⅞ - 26½ length
Whether you’re hosting a party or serving family dinner, this round serving tray will add some style. It has a sleek design and a jute handle for a look that’s ideal for indoor and outdoor use. 15.15x15.63x2.24 hand wash imported
Red Kap work shirt expertly combines visibility with stain and wrinkle resistance in a 100% cotton twill fabric that’s breezy soft. 6-oz. cotton twill stain and wrinkle resistant 2-pc. lined point collar with permanent stays button front short sleeves 2 button-through chest pockets (1 with pencil slot) 2½ enhanced visibility trim around body and down both sleeves rounded hem 100% cotton washable imported
Be comfortably laidback wherever you go in these soft Southpole joggers with allover Aztec print. regular fit ribbed waist with drawstring side seam pockets back patch pocket gusseted crotch closed bottom polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Have some fun under the sea and the dry off with this Disney Collection Princess towel.       30x60L     cotton     washable     imported     Care tip: Some lint may be observed in the first few launderings of towels, and will diminish with each subsequent laundering. This does not affect the look, feel or performance of your towels. Please follow the recommended care instructions on the label and keep the lint trap clean on your dryer.
  Decorate your home with this beautiful storage set that changes clutter to stylish organization.   decorative and functional cotton-blend liners Willow/seagrass/cotton Wipe clean with soft cloth; liners are washable. Imported. Large: 11-3/4x18-1/2x22 Medium: 10x14x6-1/2 Tote: 8x12x5-1/2 Wastebasket: 10x10x11
What it is:A quick-absorbing, super hydrating self-tanning body oil infused with 100% Pure Argan Oil and 100% Pure Argan Oil Light. What it is formulated to do:Drench your skin in Liquid Gold. This indulgent, lightweight self-tanning body oil features a unique blend of 100% Pure Argan Oil for intense nourishment and fast-absorbing 100% Pure Argan Oil Light for a semi-matte finish. Natural DHA safely builds an even, natural-looking bronzed glow and the luxurious, plush mitt ensures streak-free, blissful application. Hydrating coconut water and soothing aloe juice help nourish, smooth, and revitalize skin while the delicious aroma of natural vanilla and apricot awakens your spirit. Great for all skin types, it delivers 24 hours of hydration plus sunkissed skin without the damage for a radiant finish. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates Research results:In consumer studies: - 100% agree the product dried quickly - 100% agree the product did not leave an unnatural, orange color - 98% agree their skin feels moisturized, nourished and hydrated - 98% agree the product creates a healthy, natural looking glow - 93% agree the product improved skin texture - 90% agree the color did not transfer to clothing or bedding - 88% agree the product was not streaky - 88% agree the product left no after-scent Suggested Usage:-Shake well. -Cup your hand in the mitt and pour a small amount of tanning oil into the center of the mitt.-Allow the liquid to absorb into the mitt.-Apply to body using circular motions one section at a time to ensure all areas are equally covered and blended.-Allow skin to air dry before dressing.-Wait at least eight hours before bathing to allow the color to develop. Tips and tricks: -Exfoliate well prior to use with an oil-free body scrub or body brush. -Remove rings before using the mitt. -Shake the bottle a second time halfway through your full-body application to disperse the Argan Oil. -Wear dark, loose-fitting clothing after applying to prevent uneven color. -Save your gym time for after your color has developed—intense sweating may cause streaking. Mitt care:-Rinse with cool water and gently squeeze out excess water and allow to dry after each use.-Line dry only.-Do not bleach, iron, or dry clean. Precautions:-This product does not contain a sunscreen and does not protect against sunburn.-Repeated exposure of unprotected skin while tanning may increase the risk of skin aging, skin cancer, and other harmful effects to the skin even if you do not burn. Size:4.3 oz
From desk to dinner, our adorable belted fit-and-flare dress gives you the versatility you want and a style you can wear just about anywhere. boatneck sleeveless back zipper belt included 41 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Look stylish and handsome without sacrificing comfort with our all-cotton button-front shirt. spread collar short sleeves 2 breast pockets side slits 100% cotton washable imported
Draw double takes in our standout peasant blouse featuring a vibrant print. Shown with cami (not included). scoopneck 3/4 length sleeves tie front strings at neckline polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Blue seedbeadsClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 18 long chain  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Make your old loveseat look new again with this slipcover featuring an ultra-soft, waffle-textured fabric.   form-fitting three-piece construction hugs your furniture and stays tucked in stretch fabric with a touch of spandex for a semi-custom fit durable, easy-care fabric useful when redecorating and coordinating existing furniture to new paint, carpets, window treatments and more use with separate, non-attached seat cushion(s) Designed to fit a 36-40H loveseat with an overall width (outside arm to outside arm) of 58-73, and a seat cushion depth of 26. Polyester/spandex. Washable. Imported.  
A classic design gives this shag rug a versatile look that brings lush texture and subtle style to any space. hand-tufted construction durable polyester crafted in India 0.05 overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly; spot clean; professional cleaning recommended. Origin: Imported
Mix things up with these eclectic drop earrings, that feature blue crystals, pink rose-shaped stones and green yarn balls for interesting texture.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Blue crystals Other Stones: Pink stones Material: Green yarn Back: Post Dimensions: ¾x1¾ long    Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This convertible car seat conveniently grows with your child by providing 5 of extra legroom allowing your child to ride rear facing longer.●    3-position extension panel adjusts to provide legroom●    6-position recline keeps child comfortable during rides●    10-position headrest adjusts easily for growing children●    Simply Safe Adjust™ Harness System adjusts the height●    EPS foam cushion provides extra comfort●    rear-facing infants from 4-50 lbs.; forward-facing toddler from 22 to 65 lbs.●    Safe Seat Engineered side impact tested●    meets CPSC standards, FFA approved, meets FMVSS213 standards●    19.76x21.73x25.16H●    polyester/metal/plastic/foam●    wipe clean with damp cloth; machine wash, air dry seat cushion●    imported  
This table and chairs set gives your little one a sturdy place to play and snack. includes table and 2 chairs table: 23.8x23.8x24.3H chairs: 14.5x13.5x27H assembly required, instructions included MDF/wood wipe clean with damp cloth imported meets CPSC requirements
The impeccable pairing of jasmine sambac and jasmine Egypt infusion is enhanced with exotic tuberose fleur for a fragrance rich with velvety body and soft freshness. A delicate touch of Honeysuckle invigorates the senses, while tuberose infusion and sandalwood add subtle intensity and luminous depth. Ikat Jasmine is as captivating as the woman who wears it. “Ikat Jasmine personifies a modern woman: effortless style and intriguing femininity.”Aerin Lauder, Founder and Creative Director, AERIN Notes: Tuberose Fleur, Jasmine Sambac, Jasmine Egypt Infusion, Honeysuckle, Tuberose Infusion. Style: Fresh. Feminine. Modern. Size:3.4 oz
Comfortable, stylish and easily paired with your favorite tops, our Liz Claiborne floral faux-wrap skirt is a smart choice for your upscale wardrobe.●    elastic waistband●    approx. 26½-27½ length●    rayon/spandex●    washable●    imported  
He will make a splash in this adorable 2-piece swim set, featuring a long-sleeve rashguard and coordinating swim shorts. includes long-sleeve rashguard and swim trunks UPF 50+ sun protection quick-dry fabric top: mock neck; nylon/elastane trunks: mesh lining; polyester washable imported
With a Summer Dreamin' sentiment, our Wembley flask adds a little vacation attitude to your day. stainless steel imported
Proving you know luxury when you see it, these lightweight, flexible boots give you comfort and handsome styling in equal doses. construction leather upper rubber sole details pull on
Enjoy casual confidence with these handsome boots featuring a slightly curved profile and classic design. synthetic upper lace up plastic lining rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
The Cuisinart GrateLifter charcoal grill features a novel cooking grate lifting system that gives you access to the charcoal bed without having to touch the dirty cooking grate. Start the coals, add coals for extended cooking, or brush the coal ash into the ample collection bin without ever touching the grate. large, 240 square-inch family-sized cooking surface precision airflow system for accurate temperature control lid-mounted temperature gauge robust table stand durable porcelain enamel coated lid large ash collection bin Steel. Measures 25.6x17.7x15.4H. Wipe clean. Imported. 
Featuring one chest pocket and a box-pleat at the back, this long-sleeve plaid shirt by Arizona is both comfortable and versatile, making it perfectly suited to your style. button front double-layer back yoke 34¼ length 100% cotton washable imported
Versatile and supportive, our sporty skate shoes give her a durable, stylish option for anywhere from the playground to the classroom. construction canvas/suede leather upper rubber sole details lace up drop-in EVA sock liner
Any vacation home or nature-inspired bathroom in your house needs this shower curtain featuring animals and leaves to complete the look.   1½ header 12 holes shower curtain liner recommended Polyester. Measures 70x72L. Washable. Imported.
With a soft cotton blend and easy-wear design, this classic polo gets an A+ in classroom-ready style. picot collar short sleeves 4-button placket rib-knit collar and cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
What it is: A triple-tip lash emphasizing tool for thicker looking lashes, smoother tight lining, and better eye lining.What it does:This innovative lash tool lets you become your own lash expert. The triple tip delivers ultra-black liner between lashes to fill spaces between lashes so that the lash line appears thicker, instantly. Fine points make it easy to define along the root of the lash line, for a more dramatic lash look. Three felt tips strategically line eyes with a more steady, smooth line, and all lines use a rich triple black coating to give a full, more even application. It’s great for creating the perfect cat eye.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Synthetic Dyes- PetrochemicalsWhat else you need to know:This long-wearing product is color rich, carbon black-based, dries quickly, and can be removed with warm water and cleanser. It does not contain fragrance.Suggested Usage:-For lush lashes: Dot between lashes to boost the appearance of lash thickness.-For a classic liquid liner application, press the prongs along the lash line until the line is solid.-Stay close to the roots for a narrow line and repeat until you attain the desired thickness. It’s so easy and mistake proof.-For a dramatic cat eye: After drawing a thin line across the base of your lashes, extend the line past your eye with a gentle flick of the wrist. You can go back and make the line thicker or darker, as desired.Size:0.02 ozIngredients​Water, Acrylates Copolymer, Glycerin, Alcohol Denat., Propanediol, Laureth-21, PEG-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, PEG-60 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Sodium Dehydroacetate, 1,2-Hexanediol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Arginine, Disodium EDTA, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Methylparaben, Black 2 (CI 77266).
Gorgeous center pearls are surrounded by a double row of crystals to create an impressive effect in these drop earrings.   Metal: Gray-tone metal Stones: Simulated champagne pearls and crystals Back: Leverback Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Show off your flair for fashion with our sleeveless embroidered peasant blouse—a retro chic look that will update any ensemble. v-neck sleeveless 26½ length 100% rayon washable imported
Stylish and sophisticated, this handy money clip features a stair-step design and monogrammed center. silver plated brass layered stair-step edges raised satin-finish center personalize with up to 3 letters made in USA If you want this item monogrammed, just click on the monogramming box below and add the item to your shopping bag. You will then be prompted to add your free personalization of up to three letters.
Guarantee a head-turning day in the gold-tone floral print of our jacquard skirt. center back slit 25 length polyester washable imported
An excellent rug for indoor or outdoor use in neutral colors that enhance any setting.   mold- and mildew-resistant fibers yarn dyed for lasting color pet friendly flat weave construction for a low profile Polypropylene. Spot clean. Imported.
Stay on schedule while looking and feeling fabulous in this Liz Claiborne watch. Designed with a gold-tone mesh bracelet, crystals accent the case and a mother-of-pearl dial bring a bit of bling into every hour of your day.   Brand: Liz Claiborne Dial Color: Genuine champagne mother-of-pearl Bracelet: Gold-tone stainless steel Accents: Crystals Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 34mm Case Thickness: 10mm Bracelet Dimensions: Approx. 175mm long; 14mm wide Model No.: LC1222 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
You'll never go back to the basic sweater look after a day spent in our fun jersey knit version with ribbed trim. approx. 22¾ - 25½ length cotton/polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Flatter your figure with our bootcut jeans featuring back pockets with eye-catching embellished details. 30½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported  
Our boudoir pillow features square chenille and a geometric pattern pieced together with gimp trim, which reverses to a square chenille with covered cord piping around the edges. measures 12x18 polyester/rayon; polyester fill spot clean imported
Add a pop of flirty color to your warm-weather wardrobe with our sleeveless, lace sheath dress. crewneck sleeveless 33½ length from shoulder lined lace nylon hand wash, line dry imported
Pretty pleats and bold colorblocking take our Liz Claiborne dress out of the closet and put it at the front of your lineup.   roundneck sleeveless approx. 42¾ length lined polyester machine wash, line dry imported
A modern, geometric pattern covers this curtain panel for a fresh look that complements your unique style.   blocks unwanted light with help of a foam backing thermal lined to keep your room warm in the winter and cool in the summer rod-pocket for easy installation 3 rod pocket Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Stated measurement of curtain is tip to tip and does not account for header. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
Our top features a layered look and a necklace that can be detached, giving you a versatile look. crewneck 3/4 sleeves includes detachable necklace 23-25 length polyester washable; remove necklace before washing imported
Our Self Esteem tank top features a motivating front print, botanical hem and envelope back that let your bright, active side shine in style. scoopneck envelope back with screen polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Add sparkle and shine to your everyday look with this whimsical pendant. Pavé-set with crystals, the elephant is a symbol of good luck. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.Metal: Silver-plated brassStones: CrystalsClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long cable chainPendant Size: 18.5x19.9mm longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Made of durable ceramic stoneware, this high-capacity cup is the perfect addition to your kitchen dinnerware. large 18-oz. capacity microwave, oven and freezer safe ceramic stoneware 4.625x4.625x3.5H dishwasher safe made in America
With its durable microfiber design and wall-hugging craftsmanship, this recliner offers a custom seating experience that stands the test of time. durable, stain-resistant microfiber wall hugger design requires just four inches of clearance from wall full chaise pad between chair and leg rest to support legs steel reclining mechanism corner blocked/nailed joinery polyester spot clean 68x40x28 with a 18.5 seat height, 21 seat depth and 22 back height assembly required imported
It doesn't get more easy-care than the Performance dress shirt from Stafford, which makes your business casual style both stain-resistant and wrinkle-free.   wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering treated with stain release and repel Scotchgard™ technology point collar comfort-stretch collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked more sizes: regular, athletic, big, extra tall cotton/polyester broadcloth washable imported
Don’t hold back for a special occasion, this stick necklace is as versatile as you. Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Green resin stones Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 17 long brass chain with 2 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add some chic charm to your work wardrobe with our short-sleeve crochet shrug. open front short sleeves 23½ length crochet acrylic washable imported
Don't let cold weather keep you from staying in touch. Patent-pending design uses conductive threads on index fingers and thumbs that relay electrical impulses to touch screens, so you can text and browse with ease and accuracy. 9½x3x1½ non-slip palm for improved grip polyester/LYCRA® spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Our Worthington sheath dress is not only a phenomenal look; it gives you easy-style with an included necklace.   roundneck with necklace sleeveless invisible back zipper approx. 38½ length from shoulder polyester/cotton lining: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Enjoy your favorite drinks with color and personality thanks to these tumblers featuring bubble glass construction and colorful confetti rims.   each has an 18-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
From daily tasks to weekend tailgating, these regular-fit, 5-pocket jeans offer classic style and enduring comfort.   regular fit 5-pocket styling cotton washable imported  
Featuring an intelligent blend of Nike’s two best cushioning technologies and a forward thinking design, our must-have slide sandals will be your go-to pair for comfort and style. technology stylish blend of Nike Solarsoft Foam and memory foam for an amazing ride construction synthetic upper natural motion grooves in the synthetic rubber sole details plush adjustable upper strap with high brand read and medial ventilation  
When his feet are cushioned and comfortable, he's a happy guy. Keep him that way in stylish adidas crew socks.   ClimaLite® fabric wicks away moisture cushioned foot bed for ultimate comfort stain resistant polyester/nylon/natural latex rubber/spandex washable imported
Keep your cool throughout the season in the easygoing style and comfort of these all-cotton woven pajama shorts from Van Heusen. elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Effortlessly create a streamlined look with our flattering bi-stretch twill pants. Secretly Slender Technology is designed with a built-in panel to flatten and instantly slim your tummy front pockets back welt pockets button-and-zip closure misses: 32 inseam petites: 28 1/2 inseam woven bi-stretch rinse: cotton/polyester/spandex other colors: cotton/spandex charcoal heather: cotton/polyster/spandex                                                                                                               washable imported
Add a pop of color and sparkle to your look with these romantic leverback earrings, featuring genuine blue topaz set in 14k yellow gold.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 5mm heart-shaped heat-treated genuine blue topaz Setting: Prong Back: Leverback Dimensions: 5x17mm long   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A mesh inside adds extra comfort to our active shorts from OshKosh B'gosh. covered elastic waistband with functional drawstring contrast stripes polyester washable imported
Sweet dreams do come true with the fairytale comfort and style of this Minnie Mouse nightshirt. ruffled bottom ruffle trim polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
It's the perfect addition to your healthy lifestyle. Patented extraction technology makes 40% more juice than other juicers.   extra-large feeder jet lets you put most fruits and vegetables in whole little or no slicing, dicing, peeling or chopping required super-sized detachable pulp collector 3600-RPM motor Plastic housing. Measures 7x12x15H. 
These twill cargo shorts ensure your spring and summer comfort, easily pairing with polos or tees for a look that shows you know how to relax.   belt included relaxed fit sits just below the waist zip fly with button closure front slant pockets side cargo-style pockets back flap pockets length falls at or below the knee cotton washable imported  
From the office to the golf course, this black-to-brown reversible dress belt gives you more style options.                                        only at JCPenney approx. 1¼ wide                                         black to brown reversible textured detail on nose of buckle                                     polyurethane/bonded leather/leather spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belt for your exact waist size.
She’ll have more options with this seamless bandeau bra, perfect for wearing under a sleeveless or strapless top. nylon/spandex washable imported
The 16-piece Little Hoot dinnerware set features two complementary fun, contemporary patterns in rich fall colors.   durable white porcelain autumn-colored leaves and rings decorate the dinner plates and bowls  whimsical owl peeks out from among the colorful leaves on the salad plates and mugs coordinating dinnerware sold separately microwave safe 16-piece set includes: four 10½ dinner plates four 8 salad plates four 5½ cereal bowls four 11-ounce mugs Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Our crew socks are durable, breathable and perfect for your boy's busy days. includes 5 pairs arch support for comfort cooling, breathable mesh polyester/spandex washable imported
An upscale take on traditional design, this sophisticated beverage dispenser stands out with its gorgeously shaped ceramic base and cover. removable lid clear glass body easy-pour spigot 1½-gallon capacity hand wash Glass dispenser with metal spigot and ceramic base/cover. Measures 10¾x10¼x19H. Imported.
Dreams are always sweet with this all-cotton pajama set, featuring 3 comfortable mix-and-match pieces. includes short-sleeve top, pants and shorts pants: elastic waist, rib-knit cuffs polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Give your girly style some edge with embellished fleur-de-lis designs on the pockets of our studded, destructed bootcut jeans.  5-pocket styling 33 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Change your look with the seasons in this soft, move-easy cotton sport coat from Stafford, available in your choice of colors. comfort interior offers greater ease of movement big and tall fit notch lapel 2-button front slant chest pocket 2 lower flap pockets 2 interior pockets, plus pen pocket back side vents shell: 100% cotton lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Sparkle wherever you go in these flip flops, featuring rhinestone accents.   synthetic upper and sole rhinestone accents
Be master and commander of your comfort with these lightweight, relaxed-fit cargo shorts from Zoo York.   relaxed fit sits at waist zip front with button closure logo on inner waistband 2 front slash pockets 2 side cargo pockets with hidden button closure 2 back flap pockets with hidden button closure cotton washable imported
This waterproof pad provides an extra layer of protection for your crib mattress and features an end-to-end elasticized fit to prevent sliding and slipping. end to end elasticized fit to prevent sliding and shifting PVC and phthalate free. 28x52x8H 100% organic cotton quilted top for comfort and softness 100% waterproof underside protects mattress from liquids. cotton/polyester cotton fill washable imported  
Our dance shorts from Reebok feature a fun tropical print and stretchy, comfortable fit. elastic waist polyester/spandex washable imported
Show off your style range with the can't miss look of our sequin-adorned ombré sweater. v-neck 25½ length polyester/acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
These stylish adidas socks are big on comfort, thanks to smart features like a fully cushioned footbed and moisture-wicking technology. climalite® yarns wick away moisture fully cushioned footbed compression for extra arch support welt cuff for added durability polyester/acrylic/spandex/nylon washable imported sock size 13-15 fits shoe sizes 12-15
You’ll love the versatility of this ultra-fab 20-piece jewelry set, including stud earrings, bracelets, rings and a necklace. Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Acrylic stones Earring Backs: Friction Necklace Closure: Lobster clasp Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Help your little one learn to tell time with this green nylon strap watch with labeled hour and minute hands.  Brand: Red Balloon™Dial Color: WhiteStrap: Green nylonClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 32mmCase Thickness: 9mmBracelet Dimensions: 7 long; 16mm wideModel No.: W001894Special Features: Easy reader   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give your cold-weather look some fabulous flair with our leopard print faux-fur walking coat. button front front pockets 33 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
true From its sleek exterior, to the cleaning power within, this top control dishwasher is a great enhancement to any kitchen. In addition to the stainless steel tub, this dishwasher features our heavy-duty StormWash cleaning system, a hard food dispenser, and an adjustable racking system that lets you fit just about anything into it. ENERGY STAR® qualified top and front display with electronic touch sensor stainless steel tub 2 adjustable racks make it easy to load different size dishes StormWash™ - This heavy-duty wash system delivers powerful washing for your toughest dishes. Enjoy powerful, efficient dishwashing in peace with a special insulation system that significantly reduces noise to 46 dBA Adjustable racking system - Clean even your tallest and most oversized items with ease with a flexible and easy to use design that allows for more space on the top rack Half load cycle lets you wash small loads while maximizing effectiveness with this feature, saving energy and water. Hard Food Disposer system allows for the disposal of solid food particles without the need to clean a filter. Digital Leakage Sensor protects your floor from any water-related damage.
Brondell's Circle Reverse Osmosis water filtration system utilizes patented new technology to eliminate back pressure, making it up to 10 times more efficient than conventional RO systems. plastic 9.25x13.75x16.5H clean with a damp cloth and mild detergent imported
Featuring an innovative lightweight fit and a moisture-wicking technology, our adidas no-show socks keep you cool, dry and style-right when your energy level heats up. package of 6 pairs climalite® yarns wick moisture polyester/spandex/natural latex rubber      washable     imported      
With knit and woven features, our short-sleeve layered tee is sure to be the perfect addition to your wardrobe. roundneck body: 100% cotton trim: polyester washable imported
Layer up while maintaining your colorful personality in this cotton-rich fleece hoodie from Xersion, available in your choice of solids and prints. hood with drawstring zip front long sleeves kangaroo-style pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
What it is:A mineral-based powder miracle concealer and eye shadow base.What it does:Use different shades of this versatile product for a variety of skin enhancements. BareMinerals Multi-Tasking Face Bisque works beautifully as a soft eye shadow base, and also performs as a concealer for your face, covering dark circles and skin imperfections. Apply directly onto brown and red spots, blemishes, broken capillaries, scars, and other areas of skin imperfections.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dyes- Petrochemicals- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know: Use Bisque for lighter complexions and Summer Bisque for deeper, golden complexions. Plus, enjoy the added SPF 20 in Summer Bisque that provides year round sun protection that won't sting your eyes like traditional creams and lotions.Best of Sephora Winner 2008Size:0.07 oz
Reach for our popover for a top that's full of wild style, which features a high-low hem and a colorful scarf and zebra print for a look that pops. scoopneck sleeveless scarf/zebra print high-low hem fully lined 37 ½ length polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Raise your game in this IZOD performance polo with embossed argyle print. moisture-wicking fabric UPF 15 sun protection regular fit rib-knit collar and cuffs 3-button placket long sleeves left chest logo polyester washable imported
true This sleek, yet spacious, over-the-range microwave looks beautiful in any kitchen. Its large display is brightly lit with a clean, ice-blue color for elegance and easy reading. It features intuitive controls and a variety of auto cook presets that save you time while preparing meals. It even features an Eco Mode that reduces energy consumption so you can save money, too 1.6 cu. ft. capacity accommodates a variety of dishes 1000 watts of power for fast and effective heating 10 power levels for powerful cooking flexibility 300 CFM Ventilation System provides powerful venting of kitchen smoke and fumes LED digital display and touchpad for convenient use that's clearly visible auto defrost enables microwave to calculate defrost time based on food's weight melt-and-soften feature uses a low-wattage setting to melt or soften butter, cream cheese or chocolate without boiling or scorching premium design gives a sleek modern look interior turntable for more accurate and even heating cooktop light ECO Mode conserves power with the push of a button
These handsome, classic tuxedo pants have effortless style, perfect for formal events where a standard suit won’t do.   classic fit wool polyester lining to the knees dry clean only imported
Designed with the urban woman in mind, this faux-crocodile crossbody bag is a handsome, hands-free way to keep your belongings organized. adjustable crossbody strap, 24 drop top zip closure vinyl/synthetic 2 exterior front zipper pockets, 1 back zipper pocket 2 interior wall pockets, 1 cellphone pocket, 6 credit card slots 6(H) x 9½(W) x 3¾(D) imported
With an embellished neck and layered chiffon, our halter dress is both romantic and flattering with the simple crisscross design around the waist. halter neckline keyhole front back zipper sleeveless 38” length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Navigate your day in style and comfort in our sleeveless 3D floral split tunic by Liz Claiborne. roundneck with center split approx. 29 length linen/cotton polyester trim hand wash, line dry imported
Men's workwear jacket works hard for you, in a bomber style that is both functional and stylish.   attached hood with drawstring 2 chest pockets 2 scoop pockets inside pocket cell phone pocket zip front with snap overlay long sleeves knit storm cuffs 12-oz. 100% cotton Tough Duck™ quilted 5-oz. polyester insulation washable imported
true Introducing GE®'s most advanced wash system designed to consistently clean and dry dishes, featuring 65% more wash power delivered to each rack.  A clean and simple appearance sits flush to your cabinets with this high-performing dishwasher, featuring a 3,600 RPM rotating stainless steel blade to pulverize food particles and SpaceMaker® basket that moves for efficient loading and unloading. ENERGY STAR® qualified 51 dBA with status light on door chrome accent control panel with 2/4/8-hour Delay Start  4-pass wash and dry element evenly heats water for washing and air for drying two-pump system provides excellent wash performance with reduced sound wash zones allow you to clean half-loads in either the upper or lower rack adjustable upper rack fits plates up to 10½ dedicated silverware jets focus on silverware baskets in multiple locations Wash Your Way customizable rack give the ability to configure the lower wash basket tines based on kitchen layout Piranha™ hard food disposer with removable filter Steam PreWash loosens tough soils before any cycle SpaceMaker® silverware basket can be placed on the rack or onto the door auto sensing cycle adjusts to soil level to maximize energy savings and ensure clean dishes sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes adjustable heights makes installation over built-up floors simple 
Classic in design and lasting in comfort, these slim-fit jeans fit him like a glove and keep up with his changing taste.   5-pocket styling inside printed waistband keeps it fresh zip fly with button closure cotton/polyester washable imported
Add this graphic tee to the weekly lineup for laidback looks that are high on fashion and low on maintenance. roundneck short sleeves high-low hem cotton/polyester washable imported
The set of 4 Anastasia placemats is perfect for everyday use or entertaining.   13x19 rectangle two-toned with a traditional floral pattern Polyester/cotton. Washable. Imported.
Top any outfit with our long-sleeve open cardigan featuring a unique lace-up design and you'll not only fight off the chill, you'll look stunning while doing it. open front with lace-up trim long sleeves approx. 30 length rayon/nylon machine wash, dry flat imported
In a number of fun prints, our skater skirt has a classic, laid-back fit that can be worn with any top for any casual occasion.  classic fit elastic waistband approx. 18½-19½ front length approx. 19¼-20¼ back length polyester/spandex washable imported
Dressed up or laid-back, our stretch-cotton ankle pants can pull off whatever look you're going for. flat front straight leg 2 back welt pockets cotton/rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported misses: 27 inseam petite: 25 inseam petite short: 23 inseam
Update your warm-weather wardrobe with our tank top, featuring a graphic print for a cool, casual look. ●    scoopneck●    24 length●    polyester●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
Your little one will stay on time with this colorful watch featuring large hour markers and a lizard-inspired strap.   Brand: Timex       Dial Color: White Strap: Blue fabric Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 29mm Case Thickness: 9.4mm Model No.: T728819J Special Features: Date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Decorate your living space with our bright, nautical chalkboard with a seahorse motif. hanging hardware not included painted MDF 31.4x0.75x26.7H imported
Save pennies for baby with piggy. A handsome addition to the nursery, this silvertone bank will be a cherished keepsake.   7.5x8.75x8H aluminum/ceramic spot clean imported
Play in the rain with our adorable Henry Ferrer duck boots. wool/synthetic/PVC upper lace up ½ heel 7 shaft height 10 shaft circumference slip resistant PVC outer sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.     
Embellished back pockets and contrast stitching bring an unforgettable look to our curvy-fit skinny jeans.   5-pocket styling 31 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
With UPF 50+, a vibrant colorblock pattern and graphic, this bold rash guard will give him the perfect blend of comfort and protection needed for fun in the sun. UPF 50+ short sleeves polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
These belted twill cargo shorts ensure your spring and summer comfort, easily pairing with polos or tees for a look that shows you know how to relax. belt included relaxed fit sits just below waist zip fly with button closure side cargo pockets back button-through pockets 11 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Take your feminine style up a notch in our darling sleeveless skater dress, made of lightweight bonded lace.•    highneck•    sleeveless•    back button and keyhole•    34 length from shoulder•    lined•    lace•    polyester•    machine wash, line dry•    imported  
Our sueded cotton pullover from St. John’s Bay offers an easy layer of warmth in colors that won’t clash with your everyday styles. sueded, double-knit construction mockneck quarter zip long sleeves side vents cotton washable imported
Chef Designs keeps it classic in the kitchen with a double-breasted, reversible chef coat.   twill pre-cured double breasted reversible front eight black pearl button stand-up collar vented clean-finish cuffs 30 long (measured from medium) left chest pocket left sleeve thermometer pocket cuffed sleeves with vented clean finish polyester/cotton washable imported of domestic fabric more sizes: regular, big
Our pants feature a double waistband, trouser hooks and a straight leg for a classic office look.  double waistband trouser hooks straight leg mid rise 33 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Create a gorgeous, custom dining arrangement with this handsome furniture set featuring a rectangular table and ladderback chairs.   MDF and wood table; rubberwood chairs rich finish butt-joint and corner-block joinery on table; mortise-and-tenon and corner-block joinery on chairs table features an 18 leaf extension each chair has a 250-pound weight capacity 5-piece set includes: table 4 chairs Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported. Table: 54Wx36Dx30H without leaf; 54Wx54Dx30H with leaf Each chair: 19Wx19Dx36H with an 18 seat height
Microfiber pants from Stafford offer a great drape in a fabric that travels well.   wrinkle-resistant fabric front side-seam pockets back button-through welt pockets flat front hemmed polyester washable imported
Sink into bed with the ultimate mattress topper. This posturepedic design features a thick padding that molds to your body for ideal support and total muscle relaxation.   open-cell technology maximizes airflow to regulate your body temperature cover is easy to remove and put on 12 skirt with sewn-in elastic binging can fit up to an 16 mattress Polyester cover; polyurethane memory foam. Washable cover; spot clean memory foam. Imported cover; memory foam made in America. Twin: 39x75 Full: 54x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 76x80 Cal. King: 72x84 Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
A corrugated construction gives this hardside spinner luggage added strength while maintaining a lightweight design to keep your travels easy. expandable up to 1½ water resistant scratch resistant hardside outer shell top carry handle telescoping trolley handle large interior compartment with organization pocket 4 spinner wheels for 360° rolling maneuverability through crowds and airports TSA approved lock included Polycarbonate with polyester lining. Measures 17.5x11x24H; weighs 8.97 pounds. Wipe clean. Imported.
A keyhole neckline and dolman sleeves give our peasant blouse a look you'll love. roundneck extended shoulders drawstring and button trim 28 length cotton/polyester washable imported
Our Arizona shield sunglasses give you the durable protection you need for active, sunny days. UV protection metal
Our curvy-fit trouser-leg pants sit right at your waist, with no gaping in back, and a curved shape that's nipped at the knee to flatter full hips and thighs. zip fly with hook-and-bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front welt pockets 2 back faux welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations petite: 29 inseam petite short: 28 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
She won't be able to wait until bedtime to put on our comfy pajama set that's perfect for mix-and-matching.  includes short-sleeve tee, shorts and pants roundneck front graphic no-pinch elastic waistbands polyester washable imported   Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear regulations
Featuring a nonstick ceramic finsh and heavy-gauge aluminum construction, this eight-piece cookware set is sure to be the main attraction for preparing all your meals.   thermal conductivity guarantees optimum heat distribution stay-cool ergonomic soft-touch handles stain resistant and easy to clean 8-piece set includes: 2-quart saucepan with lid 2½-quart saucepan with lid 5-quart saucepan with lid  8 sauté pan 10¼ sauté pan Aluminum/ceramic. Hand wash. Imported.
Our lovely lace trim woven top is a reflection of the season's soft, feminine looks. roundneck short sleeves approx. 24 1/8 length rayon hand wash, line dry imported
Go wild in boho style when you strut your stuff in our lacy pointelle top with flirty bottom fringe. crew neck sleeveless 100% cotton hand wash, dry flat imported
A cute ruffled neckline is the highlight of our cotton bodysuit from OshKosh B'Gosh. roundneck with ruffles sleeveless cinched cuffs back button keyhole with bow nickel-free snaps at reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
Take it easy around the house (or even out and about) in these exceptionally soft, athletically inspired pajama pants from Stafford.   classic fit elastic waist with drawstring closed bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
Collar fantastic style with this half-moon necklace sprinkled with an array of tri-colored stones.   Metal: Hematite Stones: Glass stones Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 18” curb   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Celebrate your inner princess going casual with our royal wedge sandals crowned with sparkling stones and glittering crystals. synthetic upper synthetic sole wedge heel
Twisting hypoallergenic gold-tone metal ropes around these hoop earrings for a shining complement to your style.  Metal: Gold-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: 1.25x1.25  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add a great deal of support to your bed with this down-alternative fiberbed featuring two inches of silky soft down-like polyester and two inches of loft fibers for added support.   top layer has box quilting bottom layer is baffle box construction hypoallergenic fiberfill 20” stretch skirt Cotton with polyester back and polyester fill. Dry clean. Imported. Twin: 39x75x4H Full: 54x75x4H Queen: 60x80x4H King: 78x80x4H Cal. King: 72x84x4”H
Our by&by classic shirt is an essential wardrobe staple that you'll return to again and again for work and play. shirt collar 3/4 sleeves button down front approx. 24 length cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Start each day seamlessly in our irresistibly comfortable Ambrielle high-cut panties.   nylon/spandex washable imported Small: 5 Medium: 6 Large: 7 X-Large: 8 XX-Large: 9
Stackable and practical, this ring is blooming with endless possibilities. Fashioned in a floral design with a genuine peridot center stone, this ring is charming when worn on its own, or a statement maker when stacked high with other gems or styles.     Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stone: Genuine peridot Setting: Prong Width: 2.25mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Levi's® 527™ low-rise jeans are perfect for guys who want a more modern, slim fit with a bootcut leg.   sits low on hip regular fit through seat and thighs bootcut leg, 18¼ opening blue stone and black stone: 99% cotton/1% elastane wave allusions: 94% cotton/6% elastane other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
Breeze through warm weather in our belted dress with high-low hem and shining embellished neckline. jewelneck sleeveless hook-and-eye closure 37 front length; 50 back length polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Feel breezy and comfortable in our flowy long-sleeve floral peasant blouse by Liz Claiborne. shirt collar neck approx. 25-31 1/8 length polyester washable imported
You'll be ready to work out or relax in our weekend-friendly v-neck print mesh tee. mitered v-neckline moisture-wicking fabric approx. 27⅝ - 29½ length polyester washable imported
When it comes to your windows, sheers provide an ideal finishing touch and add an interesting layer. Airy sheer window scarf provides a streamlined look by hiding hardware, visually lowering the height of tall ceilings, and creating a more intimate space.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart hang on any size decorative pole or with sconces, scarf holders or holdbacks (sold separately) available in a variety of colors MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at jcpenney Measures 50x144L. Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
With its durable frame construction, our automatic umbrella with Titan technology helps you stand firm when the strong winds blow.   can withstand winds of up to 60-70 mph auto-open and auto-close 43 open canopy arc approximately 11 folded length metal frame polyester cover hand wash, dry open imported
Showcase your fresh style by celebrating the beauty of this flower-inspired necklace and earring set.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Gray acrylic stones Necklace Closure: Lobster clasp Necklace Dimensions: 19 long cable chain Earring Back: Wire Earring Dimensions: .3x.52 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The essential, tailored from long-wearing gabardine that resists wrinkling, so your look remains fresh from morning meeting to after-hours dinner.   flat front french fly front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets straight legs wool polyester lining to the knees classic fit dry clean imported
Bring the beauty of nature indoors with this comforter set featuring a bold camo print. allover true camo print camo print on back 2-piece Twin sets include: comforter sham 3-piece Full, Queen and King sets include: comforter 2 shams Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin, Full and Queen sets include standard sham(s). King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x86; sham is 26x20 Full: comforter is 76x86; shams are 26x20 Queen: comforter is 86x90; shams are 26x20 King: comforter is 104x94; shams are 36x20
  Perfect for holding teacups or even serving bread and butter, the Regency Green tea plate has a classic look that's timeless and versatile.   stylish design coordinates with the Denby Regency Green dinnerware collection constructed of strong and durable stoneware beautifully coordinates with casual or formal settings the fully non-porous surface of this collection makes it hygienic Coordinating dinnerware and serveware sold separately. Sold individually. Stoneware. Measures 7 in diameter. Dishwasher and microwave safe. Imported.
Shed inches off you mid-section in these waist-cincher briefs with tummy control.   high waist back support nylon/spandex washable imported
Oversized, comfortable and on trend, our Bahama Mama poncho sweater is the perfect complement to all the season's separates. v-neck extended sleeves 30 length 100% cotton washable imported
Designed to keep water warm and relaxing, this easy-to-use foot bath lets you soothe and revitalize your feet in the comfort of your own home.   spot massage function 3-piece pedicure attachment included: single large, double large and pinpoint nodes compact splashguard with storage leg rest for extra comfort two toe-touch push buttons: vibration and bubbles/heat 6-foot cord with wrap extra large design accommodates up to size 14 feet Plastic/metal. Imported.
Displaying your impeccably fresh style, these long earrings wrap you in a bouquet of color.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Multicolor glass stones Back: Post Dimensions: .48x1.92 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Toughen up a feminine dress with this military vest featuring stud detailing along the shoulders and chest pocket. roundneck with collar drawstring waist 4 pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
Featuring allover lace and an alluring keyhole back, our cap-sleeve sheath dress is the perfect glamorous addition to your stylish wardrobe.●    highneck●    invisible back zip●    lined●    polyester/spandex●    hand wash, line dry●    made in AmericaRETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.  
You'll love the classic linen look and comfortable feel of our short-sleeve shirt from Steve Harvey. pointed collar short sleeves side vents regular fit linen/viscose washable imported
true This frost free upright freezer offers the flexibility to organize and store your favorite foods for quick, easy access. The exterior electronic temperature control provides convenient temperature management while the audible temperature alarm notifies you if the temperature rises. 16.6 cu. ft. capacity frost free, preventing frost build-up so you never have to manually defrost exterior electronic temperature control audible temperature alarm and door ajar alarm 4 cabinet shelves and 1 sliding bulk basket 5 freezer door shelves LED interior lighting lock with key high-gloss handle provides a polished appearance
Add polished panache to your professional looks with our hand-finished leather boots by Stafford.   full-grain leather upper 6 shaft full-length leather padded sock lining cap toe lace up flexible two-tone rubber sole  
A supportive fit with arch compression and a reinforced heel and toe for enhanced durability are what makes these Nike crew socks superior to the rest. cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported
Our dress features a horizontal strap on the back for a warm-weather look. roundneck sleeveless fully lined 30¼-34 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Hypoallergenic and nickel free, this easy-to-wear curb chain necklace goes from casual to classic in an instant. Crafted from 14K yellow gold that's gone through a patented hardening process, this necklace is more durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. It will also maintain its consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Made in Italy.   Metal: 14K yellow goldClosure: FishhookDimensions: 22 long hollow curb chainThickness: 7.0mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Metal: Two-tone stainless steelStones: Color-enhanced blue diamond accentsClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 24 long curb chainPendant Size: 29.17x52.69mm  Some diamonds may be treated and may require special care; some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our silk tie features a floral medallion print for a sophisticated look.  3¼ wide; 58 long 100% silk spot clean imported
Brand: CrayoDial Color: PurpleStrap: Purple leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 23mmCase Thickness: 9mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.25 long; 12mm wideModel No.: CRACR0406   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Heat up those unbearably cold days in the head-turning look of our sleek puffer vest—featuring quilted side panels, zip pockets and a stand collar. 2 front pockets approx. 23½ - 25 length shell: polyester/spandex polyester lining and filling washable imported
Slip into something cool during the warm-weather months with our sleeveless dress, sporting a hip handkerchief hem, embellishments at the neck and a pretty print fabric.●    v-neck●    sleeveless●    39-42 length from shoulder●    polyester●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
The WindTunnel MAX Pet Plus bagless vacuum is takes advantage of pet hair grabbing tools that provide maximum cleaning power. It also features patented WindTunnel technology that utilizes three distinct air channels to lift and remove hidden, deep-down dirt other vacuums may leave behind.   WindTunnel technology results in no loss of suction removes more embedded dirt and minimizes blowback or scatter on carpet designed to clean as good as the first time every time includes an air-powered hand pet tool with rubber blades to effectively collect hair features a 15W cleaning nozzle up to 15' above-floor cleainng with a 12' deluxe stretch hose, 24 telescoping wand and 12 crevice tool also includes a pet static tool and dusting brush 12-times multi-cyclonic performance for less maintenance the 28-foot cord automatically rewinds in seconds a HEPA media filter traps allergens the primary filter has active carbon to help eliminate pet odors fold-down handle allows for easy storage Heavy-duty ABS plastic/metal. Measures 15x14x43H. Imported.
What it is:A water-gel mask enriched with fruit and flower extracts that delivers a mega-shot of healthy hydration while you sleep. What it is formulated to do: Wake up to a rosy glow with this fruit and flower mask that delivers a mega-shot of hydration. The water-gel formula delivers glow-boosting antioxidants while you sleep: pink peony soothes, and goji berry, blueberry, and cranberry combine with hyaluronic acid to infuse skin with visible energy. The quick-absorbing mask leaves skin radiant, smooth, and comfortable. Suggested Usage:-Apply a generous layer over your face and neck as the last step in your nighttime skin care routine. -If you want visibly smaller pores or you are always blotting excess oil, use White Mud as a mask twice a week. -If you have dry skin, you can use this as an exfoliator once or twice a week.Size:1.7 ozIngredients: -Pink Peony: Rich in antioxidants to combat the harmful effects of the environment along with other glow-boosting extracts of goji berry, blueberry, cranberry, and pomegranate. -Hyaluronic Acid: Hydrates by attracting and drawing moisture into the skin.
Our high rise shorts are long on details with yoke-front styling, garment dyed color and side slits at the hem. high rise 5-pocket style zip fly with button faux front pocket 2.5 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Our sculpted denim jeggings offers all the comfort of leggings with the classic look of five-pocket jeans. city fit mid rise 5-pocket styling button-and-zip fly closure 29½ inseam cotton/elastrell-p/spandex washable imported
Comfort is key with these wedge sandals featuring elastic accents and a cushioned footbed that’s perfect for everyday wear. synthetic upper 1 1/2 wedge heel memory foam footbed slip on rubber sole
A swirl of twinning vines adorned with floral accents gives this rug organic grace that adds natural style to your space. machine-tufted construction durable, nylon crafted in America ½ pile height, 1¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Made in America
Give your wedding card holder a personalized, elegant touch with this card holder. It’s also a great home décor item.   personalize 2 custom lines on silver plate plate comes unattached and can be placed anywhere on card holder measures 10 W x 8 L x 10.8 H; holds a 5x7 photo Wood. Wipe clean with damp cloth. Imported.
A flouncy bodice adds movement to the playful graphics in our print romper for a vintage-inspired look. v-neck side-seam pockets approx. 34¼ length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Give her wardrobe a dose of cute with this graphic tee featuring adorable printed graphics sure to make her smile.   roundneck short sleeves cotton/polyester machine wash imported
Upholstered with an inviting blend of beige linen and cotton, this storage ottoman easily accommodates trays and other display pieces.   solid hardwood frame finger-joint joinery white fabric seat filled with upholstery foam hidden slide-out storage drawer espresso-finished wood feet 250-pound weight capacity Upholstery is linen/cotton. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 41Wx30Dx18H. Assembly required. Imported.
With lots of coverage from the sun and cute detail, our 1-piece swimsuit is perfect for your next beach day.  2 straps strap back detail nylon/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
A fondness for feline friends won't be mistaken with this cat pet mat that looks great in any room.   protects floors underneath pet dishes or by the kitchen sink indoor/outdoor use perfect for any pet lover or smaller pet liquid resistant nonskid latex backing rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces measures 13x19 Cotton/polyester with latex backing. Machine wash, dry flat. Imported.
Metal: Stainless steelMaterial: LeatherClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 8 long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The quilted comfort and glittery style of this colorful sweatshirt make it the perfect grab-and-go look all season long. crewneck long sleeves quilted glitter detail cotton/polyester washable imported
He'll be ready for a full day of activities in our Dri-FIT Nike tee. Dri-FIT crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
You'll do so much more than just stay dry in these rain boots. With their unique upper patterning and sleek design, you'll own the sidewalk too. polyester/rubber upper 14 shaft height 13½ shaft circumference pull-on handles rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Let your little Minecraft player show their pride with this cotton tee featuring a graphic print from the popular game. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
What it is: A comprehensive, basic brush set housed in a beautiful slim pouch for allover face application. What it does: This perfect starter brush set contains all the brushes you need for a quick and easy makeup application. It is especially designed for anyone looking to do full face makeup application or touch-ups on the go. The brushes are housed in a smartly designed pouch that is slim and portable but is roomy enough to house all five brushes plus makeup items such as eye pencils and mascaras. This set contains: - Powder brush - Foundation brush - Crease brush - Allover eye shadow brush - Eyeliner brush What else you need to know: All brushes are made of cruelty-free fibers and are not tested on animals.
With a interwoven white gold band, our diamond engagement ring has plenty of exquisite detail.  Metal: 10K white gold Stones: 1/5 ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Pave Gallery Height: 6.4mmDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The flowy feel of our short-sleeve v-neck peasant top will complement your look whether you wear it alone or layered with a cardigan. split v-neck short sleeves approx. 25⅝-27 9/16 length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
  Look your absolute best in our retro-inspired fit-and-flare dress with a very bold and modern floral stripe print.   scoopneck sleeveless belt included approx. 38 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Get a professional look in a cinch with our pencil skirt, featuring a convenient side zipper on the left side. ●    metal zipper on left side●    25-29 length●    polyester/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Serve up appetizers, entrees or dessert with this nature-inspired tray designed with a butterfly silhouette.   decorated with richly colored flowers perfect for everyday use or special occasions Earthenware. Measures 11¼x6x¾”H. Hand wash. Imported. 
Soft, warm and oh-so-comfortable, our cable sweater knit slippers with pom-pom details will be the first thing you'll reach for when you want to relax. slip resistant acrylic knit upper polyester lining hand or machine wash, dry flat rubber sole
Metal: Stainless steel Material: Leather Closure: Magnet Dimensions: 8 braid chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Paper Airplanes Kit is a step-by-step guide to build amazing paper airplanes. Kit includes: 40 sheets of flight-tested, ready-to-fold paper printed on both sides in a variety of colorful patterns recommended for ages 6 and up spiral-bound: 55 pages imported  
For some fun and sassy texture, add this modern striped decorative pillow with studded faux-leather trim into your personal room style. tonal brown stripes for easy room matching stud details along faux leather trim 18x18 polyester with polyester fill dry clean imported
Hanes cotton boxer briefs are made with super soft, premium ComfortSoft® cotton. They also feature a tagless waistband for plush, all-day comfort. all-day comfortable fit tagless comfort flex® waistband fully functional fly no ride-up leg preshrunk for a lasting fit 100% cotton washable imported
This gorgeous necklace features sparkling pear-shaped crystals in a flower design. Along the silver-tone chains are glistening light blue crystals, creating a fabulous piece with plenty of sparkle and shine.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Blue faceted stones Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 16½ long chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring sweeping curves and a wave-shaped drop at the tip of each handle, this durable flatware set lends strength and elegance to your everyday dining experience. 18/0 stainless steel service for 4 20-piece set includes: 4 salad forks 4 dinner forks 4 dinner knives 4 soup spoons 4 teaspoons Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Realistic-looking fish swim around the bubbling blue inside of this aquarium-themed lava lamp. generates a soft, relaxing aquarium sound black on/off switch plastic 4x4x14.5 uses one 120-volt non-replaceable LED bulb imported
With six different tones of blue and white, this embroidered quilt will add a beautiful mix of colors to your room. patchwork pieced quilt embroidered to add interest navy back Coordinating accessories sold separately. Cotton with cotton fill. Washable. Imported. Full/Queen: 88x90 King: 104x90
Designed to move naturally with your body, our swingy dress is breathable, soft and beams classic style. roundneck button closure short sleeves 37 length from shoulder 100% cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Whether lounging or sleeping, these smooth micro-knit pajamas from Stafford offer extravagant comfort and exceptional style. includes long-sleeve shirt and pants 100% polyester washable imported 
Our lace-trimmed Elaina underwire plunge T-shirt bra offers underwire to define shape. adjustable straps padded underwire lined polyamide/elastane hand wash imported
This pleated skort is a smart addition to any standout, school wardrobe. pull-on style with attached shorts back elastic waist pleated front with faux tab and buttons polyester washable imported
Make a bold statement with these abundant red bead hoop earrings.   Metal: Hematite Stones: Glass beads Back: Omega Dimensions: .1x1.5 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Krosno beer glasses are made with the highest quality hand-blown glass and feature a solid sham for durability. hand blown by glass artisans in Krosno, Poland annealed for sturdiness and durability polished for clarity and brightness includes 6 beer glasses soda-lime glass 7H; 16-oz. capacity microwave and dishwasher safe imported
true Be able to cook the way you need to with this double wall oven that has a True European Convection in both ovens. Large meals are easy with capacity that fits more at one time. 10 cu. ft. total oven capacity (5 cu. ft. in each) glass touch controls so you can set temperatures quickly and clean with little effort ten-pass bake element ensures even baking with heat that covers more surface area, ten-pass dual broil element gets full broil coverage and even browning from edge to edge true European convection with direct air bakes evenly as warm air blows from the top in and around bakeware WiFi Connect: wirelessly control oven functions from your smartphone self-clean, heavy-duty oven racks: conveniently clean your oven and racks together progressive halogen oven lighting lets you see what you're baking with lights that slowly illuminate the oven notification lighting lets you know the status of your oven functions with a quick glance
This crewneck t-shirt has it all—an easy big-and-tall fit, soft cotton, and a great selection of stylish colors. big and tall fit crewneck straight hem shitake and rugby green: cotton/polyester all others: 100% cotton washable imported
These light and cool linen-rich pants are designed in a relaxed fit that's suited for summer.   relaxed fit zip front with button closure half-elastic waist with drawstring front slash pockets flat front linen/rayon washable imported
Add mesmerizing interest to your wrist with this crisscross two-tone bangle watch featuring crystal accents.   Brand: Armitron Dial Color: Silver Strap: Two-tone brass Accents: 130 CRYSTALLIZED™ - Swarovski® Elements Clasp: Jewelry clasp Movement: Quartz Case Width: 18mm Case Thickness: 5.4mm Bracelet Dimensions: 6¾ long, 11.5mm wide Model No.: 75/5242SVTT Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail  
A fun graphic ups the cool factor on this moisture-wicking performance tee. quick-dri moisture-wicking fabric v-neck short sleeves washable imported
Our sleeveless layered tank top is an on-trend essential that you can wear with many different separates. roundneck 25 1/8-26 3/4 front length polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Family comes first with our charming patchwork rug, featuring a fun design that will add cheer to any room.  nylon crafted in America ¼ pile height, ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: No Use: Indoor Care Instructions: washable Origin: Made in America
What it is:A reparative and volumizing mascara infused with Amazonian clay.What it does:This mascara delivers a 406 percent increase in lash volume and offers long-term reparative, rebuilding, and strengthening benefits with each swipe, giving you instant results and better lash health. Amazonian clay, known for intuitively restoring hydration and the skin's texture, also works to hydrate and replenish dry and brittle lashes to prevent fallout. This natural clay performs all day by absorbing oil and keeping the mascara in place for flake-free, longer wear. It prevents lash loss and promotes lash health, and after daily wear, lashes are intact, healthier, and stronger. Amazonian clay also enriches the pure color pigments, creating a volume-boosting formula with higher intensity and truer color. The result is healthier and more voluminous lashes that won't ever flake or transfer. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is formulated without mineral oil, sodium lauryl sulfates, and gluten.Suggested Usage:-Wedge the wand at the base of lashes and pull out in a zigzag motion to the tip to reach every last lash.Size:0.16 oz - miniIngredients​-Amazonian Clay: Balances, nourishes, hydrates, and replenishes to promote healthy, more voluminous lashes and prevent lash loss.-Vitamin C: Fights free radical damage.-Mineral Pigments: Soothe and soften the skin.-Carnauba Wax: Promotes smooth application.Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Wax, Hydrogenated Olive Oil Stearyl Esters, Stearic Acid, Cera Carnauba/Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax/Cire De Carnauba, Alcohol, Propylene Glycol, Triethanolamine, Candelilla Cera/Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax/Cire De Candelilla, Acacia Senegal Gum, Vp/Va Copolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Polyvinyl Alcohol, Panthenol, Aminomethyl Propanediol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Kaolin, Iron Oxides (Ci 77499).
There’s nothing like the everyday comfort and enduring style of a classic, like these washed, 5-pocket denim shorts from Arizona.   classic fit zip front with button closure 5-pocket style 10 inseam cotton washable imported
Quilted comfort meets girly style with this comfy top and twirl-worthy skirt. includes top and skirt top: crewneck with jewel detail, long sleeves, quilted bodice skirt: elastic waist bodice: polyester/spandex skirt: polyester washable imported
Classic cargo Bermuda shorts were made for casual days. double button-and zip fly closure approx. 8½- 10 inseam twilight: cotton/polyester/spandex others: cotton/spandex washable imported
Each of the charming birds on this beautiful canvas wall art is a different color, giving your space a splashy rainbow-inspired accent. museum-quality print on gallery-wrapped canvas great for indoor display in any room UV coating helps protect against fading 1½ MDF stretcher bars mounting hardware included  Canvas/MDF/metal. Measures 24x12H. Made in America.
Brighten your room decor and save space with our vibrant folding tray table with an easy storage design. solid wood/MDF construction tray surface allows convenient meals 13.75x24.5x33H assembly required; no tools needed wipe clean with dry cloth imported
Your promise of love and commitment becomes real with this ring. In a simple halo style with accent diamonds on the shanks, it has a strong sparkling impact when viewed on her finger from any angle. Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K white gold Stones: 1¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a ⅞ ct. center stone Color: H-I Clarity: I1 Setting: Prong and pavé Gallery Height: 7.05mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Put some sass in your step with our classy and colorful socks. one size fits most package of 3 pairs polyester microfiber/nylon/spandex washable imported  
Store your precious pieces in this glass top jewelry box, featuring silver-tone drawer pulls.   glass top top compartment has ring holder and sections 3 drawers, 2 with sections 11¾x7 7/8x8H fiberboard; felt lining imported jewelry not included
From work to hanging out with friends, our figure-flattering flare dress is a comfortable and fun way to express your style. v-neck modern dot design matching belt included back zipper 35.25 length from shoulder cotton/spandex washable imported
Haul homework in style with this comfy and versatile JanSport backpack that can handle all your school supplies. durable 600-denier polyester webbed carry handle straight cut, adjustable and padded shoulder straps large interior compartment with 15 laptop sleeve 2 front pockets and a stash pocket comfort back panel faux-leather bottom and trim Polyester. Measures 12.8x5.5x17.8H; weighs 1.18 pounds. Clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Our elegant elbow-sleeve dress offers a flattering fit-and-flare style and lovely lace on the skirt. v-neck 3/4 sleeves 44½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex polyester lining machine wash, line dry imported
This tri-fold portfolio is fashionable and functional. Accented with a silver metal strip, it simply closes with a hidden magnetic button. It's detailed interior consists of a 8-digit solar calculator, zippered pocket, file pocket, card pockets, USB loop, pen loop and a ruled writing tablet. It makes a perfect corporate gift, and is ideal for travel and business meetings. tri-fold contemporary design hidden magnetic closure solar calculator zippered pocket file pocket card pockets pen loop USB loop ruled writing tablet faux leather wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 13½x10½x1 imported
Accessorize any room with this Versailles chest. Its reflecting mirrors shine light to dark corners.   3 drawers for storage decorative drawer handles study construction Versailles chest measures 20x16x28H. Imported.
Our shorts feature a dinosaur print and matches with lots of tops and tees for easy outfits.  zip fly and button closure adjustable waist 100% cotton washable imported
Add some stylish color to your kitchen with our practical towel set.  includes 2 large towels, 4 dish clothes and 4 bar mops 100% cotton washable each towel measures 16x19 each dish cloth measures 12x12 each bar mop measures 10x10 imported
Ultra-feminine lace trim lends charm to our comfortable microfiber bikini panties. nylon/spandex washable imported Small: 5 Medium: 6 Large: 7 X-Large: 8 XX-Large: 9  
Our retro-style lace bra is glamorous and comfortable with its wide band as well as beautiful lace detail. adjustable straps underwire polyamide/elastane/polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Relax. You're covered. These easy-care, easy-fit slipcovers take the worry out of daily living and give your furniture a fresh, new look.   affordable way to update and extend the life of your furniture soft, durable cotton duck in versatile colors semi-fitted straight skirt; corner ties add fun detailing ideal for kids, pets and active households redecorate in minutes; includes easy-to-follow step-by-step instructions Cotton. Washable. Made in America of imported fabric. Chair cover dimensions: 18 drop from seat of floor 19 seat width 18 seat depth 18 back width 23 back height (from seat to top of chair) 41 from top of chair to floor
Lightweight, cushioned and supremely stylish, these casual sneakers set the standard for laid-back style. construction nubuck upper cotton drill lining rubber sole details lace up
What it is:A triple functioning wash-off clay mask that transforms into a foaming cleanser upon application of water, providing soothing effects for sensitive skin while cleaning pores and exfoliating skin. What it is formulated to do:This innovative, multiaction Trans-Foam Clay in Calming White is applied like a clay mask but transforms into a gentle foaming cleanser, removing makeup, absorbing oil, and detoxifying your skin. When splashed with water, the mineral-rich, white French clay lathers to a foam that brightens, tones, and removes dead skin cells for a fresh and healthy-looking complexion. Fine natural clay particles charged with hydrogen mineral water and other natural ingredients—including chamomile flower extract to calm sensitive skin and redness—deeply cleanse pores and gently exfoliate. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Phthalates Suggested Usage:-Spread liberal amount on skin and let dry (three to five minutes).-Apply warm water and rub in circular motion to transform the dried clay mask into a foam lather cleanser.-Rinse off thoroughly with warm water and remove all residue.-The product may be used to remove base makeup.-Use daily or as needed.Size:1.7 ozIngredients:-French Clay (Kaolin, Montmorillonite): Cleanses pores and exfoliates. -Hydrogen Mineral Water: Purifies. -Sepicalm VG (Nymphaea Alba Flower Extract): Tones skin. -Chamomile (Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract): Calms. Water, Titanium Dioxide, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Kaolin, Glycerin, Palmitic Acid, Stearic Acid, Bentonite, Betaine, Potassium Hydroxide, Sodium Methyl Cocoyl Taurate, Butylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Xanthan Gum, Chlorphenesin, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tetrasodium Pyrophosphate, Caprylyl Glycol, Cellulose Gum, Pelargonium Graveolens Flower Oil, Myristic Acid, Arachidic Acid, Lauric acid, Disodium EDTA, Dipropylene Glycol, Decyl Glucoside, Anthemis Nobilis Flower Extract, Sodium Palmitoyl Proline, Nymphaea Alba Flower Extract.
Keep bad weather at bay so she can stay warm and dry all day long with this cute rain jacket featuring pink piping and lining for a girly touch.   left sleeve patch zip-front closure 2 front pockets pleats on front and back body: vinyl lining: polyester wipe clean with cloth imported
A contemporary addition to any home or office, this twin pack of matching trash cans will add style to your decor.   the 30-liter (7.9 gallon) trash can is perfect for kitchens or laundry areas matching 3-liter (0.8 gallon) trash can works nicely in bathrooms or home offices trash cans boast sturdy construction for daily use steel foot pedals provide hands-free operation to keep germs at bay plastic inner trash buckets are fully removable for easy emptying and cleaning deep, recessed lids hide trash bags from view stainless steel, hand print resistant exteriors clean easily each can features a plastic fold-down carrying handle Steel and plastic. Imported.
When you want to feel a little fancy, put on this genuine amethyst and diamond-accent drop pendant necklace.   Metal: 10K yellow gold and sterling silver Stones: 9x6mm pear-shaped genuine amethyst Other Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long cable chain Pendant Size: 9.39x18.71mm long   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Tramontina’s Gourmet Domus stainless steel tri-ply base nine-piece cookware set provides exceptional performance paired with the quality of stainless steel. base is impact-bonded with three layers—18/10 stainless steel, an aluminum core for conductivity and magnetic stainless steel—which makes it perfect for induction cooktops ideal for searing, browning and pan frying and features curved lines with traditional styling mirror-polished stainless steel riveted handle construction for durability compatible with gas, electric, ceramic glass and induction cooktops oven safe to 500ºF 9-piece set includes: 2-quart saucepan with lid 3-quart saucepan with lid 5½-quart stock pot with lid 8 steamer insert 8 fry pan 10 fry pan Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Assembled in America of imported materials. 
These durable boxer briefs from Hanes deliver ultimate comfort and softness all day, every day. package of 4 boxer briefs TAGLESS® all day comfort and fit comfort waist solid/prints: 100% cotton heather/prints: cotton/polyester washable imported  
A cool graphic print featuring the Ecko Unltd. logo and a regular fit make our tee a hip casual choice.  crewneck short sleeves regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
Our cotton graphic tank top matches nearly any shorts for an easy look that works anywhere during his on-the-go day. crewneck front graphic 100% cotton washable imported
Whether you're kicking it on the couch or hitting the streets, our jersey knit leggings—featuring bright, fun print—are a perfect style choice.   28½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
A basketweave fabric gives this curtain an inherent durability while a subtle pattern makes it a versatile piece for any room. buckram in header adds crispness and support to the fabric lined for an enhanced weight and feel 1½ grommet opening Sold individually. Cotton with polyester/cotton lining. Dry clean. Imported.
Enjoy the convenience of an auto-sensor paper towel dispenser with a pearl white-finish from iTouchless®.   2nd generation auto-sensor optical technology with expanded scanning panel dispenses just the right amount towels tear cleanly; roll never unravels touchless operation prevents germs on dispenser or unused towels adjustable to dispense half or full sheets fits all brands of perforated paper towel rolls; easy to reload ABS plastic. Measures 8½x5½x15½H. Uses 4 C batteries or optional AC adapter (both sold separately). 1-year manufacturer's limited warranty.  Clean with damp cloth. Imported.  
true This high-performance range hood features exhausts from the top or rear of the unit, giving your kitchen an efficient solution for removing smoke and odors as you accomplish your cooking tasks. vertical and rear exhaust 4-speed fan control helps eliminate smoke, grease, odors and moisture convertible venting offers vented or non-vented installation options halogen cooktop light illuminates the cooking surface 4 3/4 x 29 7/8 x 20
Our striped tank is made with cotton for a comfortable fit that is perfect for your warm-weather look. scoopneck regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
A sweetheart bodice trimmed in jewels brings an added element of beauty to our high-low dress—creating a look you'll feel stunning in. built-in bra back zip 35 length polyester lined dry clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place
Bring a burst of vibrant color to your look with these yellow stone drop earrings.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Yellow acrylic stones Back: Wire Dimensions: 1⅜” long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Our slide sandals are the effortless everyday comfort solution, featuring open-cell technology for optimal breathability and an OrthoLite™ footbed to absorb impact with every step.  technology open-cell technology for optimal breathability OrthoLite™ footbed absorbs impact with every step and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction leather upper EVA sole details 1.5 heel adjustable button with gore open toe
Dimension is in full swing with this wedding band that graces her finger in lovely style. A row of gleaming pavé diamonds is edged by textured milgrain for a dash of vintage appeal. Finishing it off is gorgeous scroll detailing on the sides. Metal: Rhodium-plated 14k rose gold Stones: ½ ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Pavé Gallery Height: 4mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Get comfy and cozy for a great night's sleep with the soft construction and comfortable fit of our nightgown and robe pajama set. cotton/polyester washable imported
Easygoing comfort meets rugged durability in classic relaxed-fit jeans.   relaxed fit through seat, hips and thigh sits slightly below waist rivets at all stress points classic 5-pocket styling heavy-duty 14-oz. cotton washable imported
Ruffle accents and a bold Minnie Mouse print lend fairy tale style to this adorable cotton-rich tee. crewneck shirred short sleeves engineered screen print with glitter jersey knit fabric cotton/polyester washable imported
Showcasing elegance and exquisite clarity, this personalized decanter and whiskey glasses are a great addition to any barware collection. includes decanter and 4 glasses can be engraved with a single block initial glasses have a 10¾-ounce capacity; decanter has a 56-ounce capacity glass/wood glasses are dishwasher safe; hand wash shaker decanter; wipe clean stopper imported
What it is: A Professionally inspired complexion and contour brush set.What it does: This high quality set includes a stippling brush, a flat top powder brush for buffing and setting, and angled blush brush. Also includes PRO Team make-up tutorial. The set is encased in a fashionable slim-line pouch and includes mint blotting papers.This Set Contains:- Stippling Brush- Buffing Brush- Angled Blush Brush- PRO Team Brush Tutorial- Cooling Mint Blotting Papers- Go-Anywhere Travel Case
This set of unique, highly polished cuff links accent your look with the timeless symbol of two people bound together with true love. straight backs ½ x ½   gunmetal-plated brass made in America
Dress up your look without falling out of date with this reversible dress belt from JF J. Ferrar, featuring burnished edges and an antique nickel plaque buckle. reverses from tan to black 1 1/3 wide antique nickel plaque buckle polyurethane/bonded leather spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Watch her confidence shine as she wears this illusion-neck lace skater dress, which features a flowy feel and a stylish sharkbite hem. roundneck sleeveless nylon/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry made in America
Our button-front shirt features a colorful print made from semi-sheer fabric for the perfect warm-weather look. button front sleeveless polyester washable imported
Delicate charmeuse design gives this comforter set a glorious sheen that perfectly captures light in your bedroom. elegant pleating details polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt washable; spot clean decorative pillows queen comforter: 90x90 king comforter: 104x90 cal. king comforter: 104x92 imported 7-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop 3 decorative pillows Queen sets include standard shams. King and cal. king sets include king shams. King and cal. king comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Rubber ducky fans of all ages will be delighted with this quacky shower curtain.   tufted with blue dots and classic yellow ducks buttonholes at top for easy hanging long-lasting fabric air-drys rapidly shower curtain liner recommended Cotton. Measures 72x70L. Washable. Imported.
Simulated black pearls and white crystals play off each other beautifully on our silver-tone drop earrings.  Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Black simulated pearls Other Stones: White crystals Back: Wire Dimensions: .25x1.5Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Wrapped in lace and topped with a bow, these ballet flats are pretty and practical. fabric upper memory foam for comfort lace and bow embellishments synthetic sole
This 3-piece layette set, which features a hooded cardigan, a bodysuit and a corresponding pair of pants, puts together the perfect outfit for your little one, no matter the occasion. includes cardigan, bodysuit and pants expandable shoulders zip-front design nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel no-pinch elastic-waistband pants embroidered graphic 100% cotton washable imported
Classy and convenient, this marbleized bar cabinet is an elegant way to compactly store your favorite wine bottles, stemware, openers and other accessories. MDF construction with a faux-marble top painted black finish 1 spacious storage drawer 1 fixed center shelf and 4 door shelves 5 stemware racks wine rack holds up to 20 wine bottles brushed nickel and stainless steel hardware includes 2 brackets and plastic chains for securing to wall Measures 24Wx18Dx40H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.
Well-fitting performance leggings show up at even your most trying workouts. mid rise elastic waistband straight leg 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
  These strappy wedge sandals feature a faux-cork heel for a look that’s always in style.   synthetic upper 3” faux-cork heel buckle details nylon zipper in back rubber sole  
Our linen pants feature a drawstring waist and a classic fit for the perfect warm-weather look. drawstring waist 2 front patch and 2 back patch pockets classic fit straight leg 19 inseam linen/rayon washable imported
Get noticed for all the right reasons in our figure-skimming bodycon dress featuring beaded straps.   v-neck sleeveless with beaded trim built-in bra approx. 35 length from shoulder lined polyester/spandex dry clean only imported
Fit in without compromising your style in these relaxed-fit chinos from Arizona, the better way to satisfy the school or company dress code.   sits just below the waist relaxed fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 2 front seam pockets 2 back button-through welt pockets flat front straight leg cotton washable imported
These easy-care pants can be worn all year long for various styles and feature an adjustable inner waistband for added comfort. adjustable waist zip fly with hook/eye closure 2 front slant pockets 2 back welt pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
With the perfect amount of rugged sophistication, the Grotto is a functional and stylish alpine boot. This boot features a slip-resistant sole, speed hooks and a cushioned insole for added comfort.   construction   synthetic upper rubber outsoles cushioned insole   details   lace up with speed hooks Mark II tested slip-resistant outsole rated ASTM-F1677  
Our sneakers feature a memory foam insole and a Relaxed Fit® design for a roomy, comfortable fit.  technology Relaxed Fit design construction leather upper slip-resistant rubber sole details slip on memory foam insole
Shake things up with our fabulous shaker sweater with ribbed trim along the neckline. approx. 25 - 27 length cotton/polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
All the comfort of an old friend with a feminine peplum twist, our Levi's top is an easy choice. roundneck sleeveless 25½ length denim 100% cotton washable imported
Give your little girl a new friend with this plush cotton doll featuring a cute girl wearing a cool cheetah print dress and bow, ready for hours of playtime and cuddling. cotton washable imported
Take on your weekend in the casual comfort of our stretch twill cargo skimmers with a relaxed fit and knit waistband. relaxed fit mid rise knit waistband button-and-zip fly angled front pockets with knit trim belt loops 17 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
These cotton khakis more than satisfy the dress code with features like a slightly lower waist, clean-looking straight leg and classic Arizona fit.   sits just below the waist regular fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 2 front seam pockets 2 back button-through welt pockets flat front straight leg cotton washable imported
The casual plaid look of our cotton cargo shorts will pair perfectly with your favorite tee. relaxed fit with slight taper zip-and-button closure with belt 2 front and 2 back pockets 2 cargo pockets flat-front 15 inseam 100% cotton washable imported 
Celebrate the season in style with this festive long-sleeve, raglan tee from Arizona. crewneck long sleeves thermal body cotton/polyester washable imported
Enjoy the casual-yet-chic design of our weekend-ready cargo Bermuda shorts. 5-pocket styling button-and-zip fly closure drawstring cuffs 11 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
The Cool Tower Portable Mist Stand provides a cool retreat from the heat whenever you need it. Just attach it to your garden hose to cool down your outdoor parties and events by up to 30 degrees.   cools air up to 30 degrees completely portable tripod base 4 brass misting nozzles attaches to garden hose height adjustable up to 56 6x5x34H imported
Our easy-match tankini swim top features double straps and adjustable sides for a figure-flattering look at the beach or the pool. underwire molded cups nylon/spandex shell hand wash, line dry imported
This comforter set instantly updates your bedroom with its modern styles and chic embroidered medallion designs. cool blue and green tones on white background cotton; polyester fill washable full comforter: 80x90 queen comforter: 92x96 king and cal. king comforter: 110x96 imported 4-piece set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Full and queen sets include standard shams. King and cal. king sets include king shams.King and cal. king comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Fill your room with a modern take on bohemian chic with this quilt set featuring large medallions with intricate design work. distressed texture purple and periwinkle tones paired with grays decorative pillows feature fabric manipulation and embroidery details 4-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: quilt sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen set includes: quilt 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester quilt with cotton fill; polyester shams; polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: quilt is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12 Full/Queen: quilt is 88x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12  
Get the look of two pieces in one with our layered top, featuring a center crochet panel for an elegant feminine touch. center crochet panel roundneck 3/4 sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Muted rustic colors give the simple leaf-inspired design in this rectangular rug a sense of vintage chic. Durable and vibrant, the beautiful colors and design will add a classic look to your room.   abstract design durable printed nylon latex backing    .04 overall thickness        Stain Resistant: Yes      Fade Resistant: Yes      Slip Resistant: Yes      Fire Retardant: Yes      Rug Pad Recommended: Yes      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Spot clean or professionally clean only.      Origin: Made in America
Our casual tunic offers a winning formula of sporty style and up-to-date mesh details on the long sleeves. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Flirty little cutouts on our brilliant ballet flats make the difference between a simple pair of shoes and standout style.   polyurethane upper rubber sole
Be ready for a beachside sunset in our swim trunks, made with quick-dry technology.  quick-dry technology elastic waist with non-slip drawcord self-adhesive pocket 6 insea cotton/polyester polyester mesh lining washable imported
Show off your long legs in style in our mid-rise, slim-fit ankle pants, knowing you'll be comfortable in them all day. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 30½ inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
These versatile sandals provide the ultimate in comfort, durability and style with a nylon upper in a fashionable Fair Isle pattern. nylon upper EVA sole imported
Our sleeveless cardigan can be layered with a long-sleeve shirt for a night out or a tank top for a day in the sun.  open neck sleeveless approx. 30-32 length from shoulder cotton/rayon machine wash, dry flat imported
With superior cushioning and a sleek, sporty style, our breathable Puma Cell Riaze athletic shoes will set you apart from the rest. technology 10-Cell Bubble technology in heel for shock-absorption EVA midsole construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace-up entry heathered knit with bonded synthetic overlays TPU shank and heel for stability and support
These durable work boots are the first line of defense between your feet and a daily pounding of the elements. technology Goodyear™ welt construction construction leather upper rubber sole details pull on sturdy steel toe
Keep your maternity style simple and polished in our versatile wide-leg knit gaucho pants. 17½ inseam polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry made in America
Take your game to the next level with socks made with lightweight ultra-soft fabric and durable rib cuffs for long-lasting comfort wherever you go.  cotton/nylon/spandex washable made in America
Work out or relax in the comfortable fit of our tummy control stretch jersey knit pants. slimming tummy control waistband construction black: cotton/spandex charcoal: cotton/polyester/spandex nylon/spandex mesh washable imported misses: 31 inseam misses short: 29 inseam
Rev up your casual look with our ultra-cool graphic ringer T-shirt. approx. 25¼ - 28 length polyester/rayon washable imported
The unique print on this soft pom beanie gives your cold-weather style an extra pop of color. embroidered Swoosh on hem polyester washable imported
Her toes will really twinkle in these lighted flip flops with a glitter tie dye design. synthetic upper lighted rubber sole
Comfortable Arizona trunks in a rugged camo print are sure to make a splash in and out of the water. UPF 50+ elastic waist with faux drawstring no fly back pocket with self-adhesive flap mesh brief liner polyester washable imported husky available online only
Kickstart your day with comfort in these Gold Toe crew socks. reinforced toe rayon/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12½
Your workouts are tough—get the support you need with our striking sports bra from Xersion.   removable cups polyester lining polyester/spandex mesh fabric washable imported  
Casual and comfortable, these shorts will match virtually any shirt in your closet. regular fit sits at waist flat front button fly 22 inseam 2 pockets cargo pocket on left leg 100% cotton washable imported
Our mesh tank top from Nike features breathable fabric that's perfect for your active wardrobe. scoopneck polyester/cotton/rayon/spandex washable imported
Add some luxe to dream time with these soft, knit pajama pants from Ambrielle. rayon/spandex washable imported
Our classic-style shorts are given a touch of unexpected, eye-catching style with embroidered side pockets. zip fly with hook-and-bar closure side pockets 3¾ inseam cotton/spandex embroidery: polyester washable imported
Leave your hair feeling clean and refreshed with Oh Bee Hive, a dry shampoo with super-fine powder that absorbs excess oils that weigh your hair down to release massive body for sky-high volume.   a few quick sprays of this dry shampoo create massive lift at the roots, helping hair look and feel fuller starch absorbs oil which can make your hair look greasy and feel dirty and limp gives hair more texture so it's easier to style and secure updos 5 oz. Made in America. How to use: Spray 10 -12 inches from hair, targeting the roots. Wait a minute, then brush or workly lightly into hair.   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.  
What it is:A luxurious, antiaging facial cleansing gel that provides an exhilarating, peachy clean freshness for a beautiful, more youthful-looking complexion.What it is formulated to do:Oil-free, anti-wrinkle technology helps to clarify and brighten with glycolic acid, salicylic acid, extracts of peach, white oak bark, lemon, lime, linden, grapefruit, and arginine. An advanced deep pore resurfacing action supports natural cell turnover to help diminish the appearance of fine lines, wrinkles, and other signs of aging. It helps to effectively detoxify the pores, dissolve makeup, emulsify oil, and improve skin texture as it gently sweeps away dead skin cells and impurities that can make the complexion appear dull. Ideal for all skin types except sensitive skin, including dry, sun damaged, normal, combination, oily, and acne prone skin, this gel produces an ultraclean, refined, and revitalized complexion.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- PhthalatesResearch results:In a 4-week consumer efficacy study on 25 women:- 96% agreed their skin appeared brighter- 92% agreed they appeared more youthful- 88% agreed this product delivered antiaging benefits Suggested Usage:-Combination, oily, and acne prone skin, use once or twice daily.-Normal, dry, and sun damaged skin, use two to three times a week at first, increasing usage if well-tolerated.-Apply a small amount of cleansing gel over moistened skin with the fingertips.-Work into a rich, foamy lather and massage gently for one minute.-Rinse thoroughly with lukewarm water and gently pat dry.-Follow with PTR treatment product, moisturizer, and sun protection.-Not recommended for very sensitive skin, eczema, seborrhea, rosacea, or Retin-A® users.Precautions:-Sunburn alert: This product contains an alpha hydroxy acid (AHA) that may increase your skin's sensitivity to the sun and particularly the possibility of sunburn. Use a sunscreen, wear protective clothing, and limit sun exposure while using this product and for a week afterwards. Ingredients​-Glycolic Acid (AHA) 1%: Exfoliates surface dead skin cells and supports natural cell turnover.-Salicylic Acid (BHA) 1%: Helps to absorb sebum within the pores and prevents future breakouts.-Panthenol (Pro Vitamin B5): Moisturizes, nourishes, and clarifies.-Lemon, Lime, and Grapefruit Extracts: Brighten.Water, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Coco-Glucoside, Propylene Glycol, Salicylic Acid (Beta Hydroxy Acid), Glycolic Acid/Arginine, Peach Fruit Extract, White Oak Bark Extract, Lemon Fruit Extract, Lime Fruit Extract, Linden Flower Extract, Grapefruit Fruit Extract, Citric Acid, Citrus Bioflavonoids, Allantoin, Methylparaben, Quaternium-15, Red #40, Yellow #5, Fragrance.
This mini watch tells it like it is with a colorful dial, Roman numeral hands and markers that match the strap, and accurate quartz movement. A three-link bracelet completes its upscale look.   Dial Color: Assorted Strap: Metal alloy Clasp: 2-push deployment Movement: Quartz Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 195mm long; 18mm wide Model No.: FMDJCD001 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Softened by its luxurious fiber-filled back and fashionable tapered feet, this roll-arm leather sofa sectional features clean, rectangular styling elements and a handsome finish that stands out in any space.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery premium elastic webbing cushions filled with polyurethane foam and a bonded polyester comfort layer chip-resistant plastic feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 114Wx88Dx35H overall with a 19 seat height, 22 seat depth and 18 seat back height. Imported. All colors are Custom Order except for Vintage Sahara. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.
You'll feel great and look even better on those warm-weather days with our collared short-sleeve shirt. spread collar short sleeves regular fit rayon/polyester washable imported
Flame-resistant protection and stylish comfort go hand-in-hand with this cotton-rich plaid shirt, featuring dual chest pockets and adjustable button cuffs. flame resistant button-down collar button front long sleeves 2 front chest pockets with button-through flaps box pleat back adjustable button cuffs rounded hem cotton/nylon washable imported
With blades resistant to rust and staining, this soft-touch knife set will provide superior cutting performance for years to come.   high-carbon stainless steel blades ergonomic thermoplastic rubber handles provide a comfortable, soft grip and optimum control forged construction results in increased weight and balance 13-piece set includes: 3 paring knife 5 utility knife 7 santoku knife 8 chef’s knife 8 bread knife six 4½ steak knives shears knife block Stainless steel blades with rubber/steel handles and a wood knife block. Hand wash. Imported.
A lively chevron design sets a stylish tone on the Aries quilt set, complemented with dramatic contrasting shades.   soft quilted fabric in trendy turquoise chevron design  reverses to a scaled-down chevron pattern in gray includes a coordinating oblong decorative pillow 3-piece Twin set includes: quilt sham decorative pillow 4-piece Full/Queen and King/Cal. King set includes: quilt 2 shams decorative pillow Twin and Full/Queen sets includes standard sham(s). King/Cal. King set includes king shams. Polyester quilt with polyester fill; polyester shams; polyester decorative pillow with polyester fill. Washable; spot clean decorative pillow. Imported. Twin: quilt is 66x90 Full/Queen: quilt is 86x90 King/Cal. King: quilt is 104x90
Add a contemporary touch to your space with these richly colored, geo-printed window tiers from Park B. Smith.   easy-match colors rod-pocket design for easy installation Tiers are sold in pairs; stated measurement is combined width of both tiers. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Hang on a rod up to 1 in diameter. 2 rod pocket. Cotton. Dry clean. Imported.
The classic soft cup bra by Playtex with feminine floral lace accents delivers exceptional comfort and support in a pretty design.   360°-stretch natural rubber latex and nylon for comfort and breathability floral Spanette® sides and back sheer, lightweight elastic frame for maximum support and comfort B, C and D cups have stretch straps; DD and DDD(F) cups have non-stretch straps cotton/polyester cup and band lining nylon/spandex frame machine wash, line dry made in America or imported of domestic and/or imported materials manufacturer's style #20
Stylishly fill the gap between dress shirt and tee in this soft, rayon-rich woven shirt from Van Heusen. regular fit point collar button front left chest patch pocket short sleeves side vents rayon/polyester washable imported
Metal: Sterling silverStones: 1/10 ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: I-JClarity: I3Closure: Adjustable sliderDimensions: 9 long box chain  Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Timeless bikini panties get a flirty makeover in a charming print.   nylon/spandex washable imported
A relaxed fit, elastic waist and cool cotton fabric make these comfortable chino shorts the perfect casual choice for those warm weather days.    printed 2 front pockets 2 non-functional welt pockets on back 100% cotton washable imported
true At 4.9 cu. ft. capacity, this LG mega capacity, top load washer comes in the ultimate,  laundry cleaning package. With the time-saving performance of TurboWash® and the gentle cleaning power of Steam Technology, you can count on this LG washer to tackle your toughest loads with ease. Not to mention, this top load washer comes wrapped in LG’s sleek, stylish front control design.     ENERGY STAR® qualified 4.9 cu. ft. capacity durable NeveRust™ stainless steel drum stands up to years of heavy use LG’s TurboWash® technology saves up to 20 minutes per load without sacrificing cleaning performance LG Steam technology gently freshens, cleans and disinfects, eliminating wrinkles, dirt and odors front control panel with LED display and touch buttons improves visibility and functionality 12 wash cycles including Cotton/Normal, Bulky/Bedding, Perm. Press/Casual, Speed Wash, Heavy Duty, BrightWhites™, Wool, Towels, Allergiene™, Sanitary, Delicates and Tub Clean along with 15 options including Soak, Rinse+Spin, Spin Only, Delay Wash, Custom Program, Extra Rinse, Fabric Softener, Child Lock, ColdWash™, StainCare™, Water Plus, Add Garments, Signal On/Off, Steam and TurboWash® cover every laundry need from fabric care to safety water level automatically adjusts to the size of the load five spin speeds including Extra High (1,100 max.), High, Medium, Low and No Spin TrueBalance™ anti-vibration system and LoDecibel™ quiet operation reduces washer noise and vibration requires high-efficiency detergent 27 x 40 1/8 x 28 3/8
Start your day seamlessly with great-fitting, super-cute boyshorts by Flirtitude.  nylon/spandex heather grey and horizontal aztec: nylon/polyester/spandex rugby stripe and navy space: polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported  
This perfect-sized powerful air-moving fan features conveniently built-in outlets to connect with multiple units. impressive wind movement stackable and lightweight for storage 3-speed air control 3 adjustable fan positions plastic 10.5x15x5H wipe clean made in America
Whether you like them layered or alone, our Arizona racerback tank top is a great addition to your tank collection. roundneck racerback sleeveless approx. 26 length polyester washable imported
Take a break from everyday denim with our comfy cords that easily match a variety of tees and sweaters. straight fit flat front zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 100% cotton washable imported
The fun plaid trim makes this fedora a sharp look for any casual occasion. straw spot clean imported
You'll be swimming in style with our high-neck tankini from Jamaica Bay. soft cups partially lined: polyester nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
A pretty floral print makes our light and lovely peasant top a favorite for those nights on the town when you want to look your best. mandarin collar 1/2 button placket 3/4 sleeves approx. polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Show off your polished, casual style with the slimming look of our versatile skinny jeans. mid rise 5-pocket styling shank button-and-zip closure cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 31 inseam misses short: 29 inseam misses long: 33 inseam petites: 28 inseam petites short: 25½ inseam tall: 32½ inseam
Refresh casual style with these comfy, knit-waist capris from Total Girl. elastic waist with faux drawstring faux front pockets 2 back pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
Our Glider Lite is a unique, portable gliding swing that soothes with the same gentle motion you use when cuddling your baby in your nursery glider. This innovative gliding swing is lightweight, making it easy to use anywhere in the house. plush, roomy seat with removable infant head support 6 gliding speeds to suit baby's mood 10 classical melodies and 5 nature sounds for infants from 5.5-25 lbs. 27x26.25x28H batteries required meets CPSC standards; meets FMVSS213 standards; FFA approved polyester/metal/plastic/foam clean with soap and warm water
Add sparkle and shine to your existing ring by inserting it in this beautiful 1/3 ct. t.w. ring guard.   Metal: 14K white gold Stones: 1/3 ct. t.w. diamonds Color: G-I Clarity: VS2 Setting: Prong   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Made of easy-care polypropylene, these rugs feature a bold medallion pattern. A variety of textural loops create surface interest.   highly durable polypropylene slip-resistant polypropylene back mold and mildew resistant machine-made construction crafted in Egypt 0.156 pile height; 0.25 overall height Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Polypropylene Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor or outdoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly. Spot clean. Origin: Imported  
Live the good life in the comfortable style of our casual Skechers sneakers. Featuring soft heathered fabric and a convenient bungee-laced design, you’ll enjoy a perfect fit every time.   textile/synthetic upper slip on memory foam footbed rubber sole  
Constructed of soft, cotton-rich fabric, this comfy tee from Arizona is sure to be a casual day staple. crewneck long sleeves jersey knit cotton/polyester washable imported
Perfect for her on-the-go lifestyle, she will love the comfort and ease of these Xersion yoga capris. slim fit contrast color on waistband black: cotton/spandex gray: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
With the timeless look of tweed, the Monroe curtain panel will add a comforting feel to any room.   subtle coloration and texture of tweed hang two ways—create a shirred look with the 4 rod pocket or use the 2x4 back tabs to create a soft, pleated effect buckram in header adds crispness and support to the fabric Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 3 in diameter. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Polyester. Dry clean. Imported.  
Add a bit of charm to your bathroom with this bath rug finished with delicate ruffles.   inset ruffles handcrafted measures 34x21x½ Cotton. Washable. Imported.
Get the latest looks in wardrobe essentials with our rib-trim Luna tank top, rendered with cool rib trim and chic styling.  roundneck 25¼-27¼ length Tall size: 28-30 1/16 length 100% cotton washable imported
The Trim 'N Turn Plus Cake Turntable is for use with cakes up to 11 inches in diameter or on a cake plate or board.  non-slip base is raised for better control arched sides allow easy lifting hidden ball-bearing track gives smooth turning platform is 12 diameter to hold cakes 11 and up dishwasher safe (top rack).  plastic plate measurement: 12x1-1/8 imported
Turn heads with the genuine dark blue howlite stone on this yellow brass ring.  Metal: Yellow brassStones: Genuine dark blue howliteGallery Height: .44  Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The beauty of this classic watch is timeless. Its white ceramic bracelet pairs perfectly with rose-tone accents and iridescent mother-of-pearl dial. The visually appealing t-bar design that secures the case to the bracelet makes this timepiece really stand out. Brand: Peugeot Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Strap: White ceramic Clasp: Deployment Movement: Swiss Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 38mm Case Thickness: 10mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 20mm wide Model No.: PS4881RG Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Sleep deeply and comfortably in cool satin with our strappy Ambrielle sleepwear set. 2-piece set adjustable straps elastic waistband polyester washable imported
It takes a great fit to look good, and that’s where these dress pants have you covered, offering your size in a wrinkle-resistant, blended fabric that drapes perfectly.   wrinkle resistant sits at waist 2 side-seam pockets 2 back button-through welt pockets flat front with comfort waist straight leg hemmed polyester/rayon washable imported
The raglan style meets a 2-button henley in this easy-to-wear shirt. henley short sleeve contrast raglan sleeves 2-button closure white heather/gray heather: cotton/polyester white/black: 100% cotton washable imported
Casual yet sophisticated, our warm-weather-worthy sandals boast a timeless style and a luxurious cushioned insole for comfort and support. technology shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern rubber sole twists and folds to take pressure off the foot construction faux-leather upper rubber sole details side-buckle entry ¾ heel suede sock cushioned footbed  
Metal: Sterling silverMaterial: EnamelBack: PostDimensions: 8.61x7.44mm  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
He'll be ready to get tubular with our stars and stripes surfer shirt from Arizona. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Enjoy dressy comfort with these handsome leather oxfords featuring a lightweight design and comfort gel footbed. leather upper lace up EVA sole
Accessorize your wrist with this five-piece bracelet set. Wear them all together for a big statement or wear them individually.   Metal: Silver-tone and gold-tone metal Stones: White sead beads and crystals Closure: Lobster clasp, stretch and self-tie Dimension: 7”   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Intricate details and ¼ ct. t.w. sparkling diamonds create a unique vintage look for these round, sterling silver earrings.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. diamonds Back: Friction Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Here's the perfect partner for a handheld shower. This easy-to-install shower caddy fits right over your shower head and provides convenient storage for your soaps, bottles, shampoos, poufs and more.    4 baskets adjust to accommodate hose perfect for storing larger bottles razor storage hooks for poufs and washcloths rust-resistant chrome finish   Measures 10x4x24H. Steel/plastic. Wipe clean. Imported.
Make shuffling easy with the manually operated card shuffler that lets you simply turn the crank to shuffle.   no batteries required great gift for any card lover Plastic. Measures 9½x5x4½”H. Imported.
Original boys' bootcut Arizona jeans are a stylish, relaxed denim cut for any occasion.   5-pocket design adjustable waist relaxed fit cotton denim washable imported
Slip into these patriotic summer boat shoes and enjoy the weather on the water by being in style, as well as comfortable.●    soft, durable textile fabric upper●    TPR rubber and textile outsole●    hassle-free slip-on design●    sequin fabric outer in red, white and blue●    comfortable EVA foam insole●    1/8 low heel height  
With a minimalist upper for better feel, our Nike skate shoes will keep you grinding out board tricks with ease. technology Phylon midsole for increased comfort construction suede/Nubuk/leather upper rubber sole details lace up minimalist upper for better board feel and greater balance rubber taping for grip and durability flexible vulcanized outsole with tacky gum rubber
A crisp, clean slim-fit dress shirt perfect for a cool customer has the added benefit of mechanical stretched cotton. slim fit spread collar button front long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Adorn your bed with the nautical look of this oblong decorative pillow featuring a colorblock design. blue, gray and white tones measures 18x12 Cotton/polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Layer our French terry jacket over a tee or tank for breathable comfort all day long. side tape zip front two front pockets approx. 25⅛ - 27 length cotton/polyester/spandex
Shark® Professional Iron works like a charm, steaming out heavy-duty wrinkles easily and quickly.  steams vertically for hanging garments or curtains auto shut-off when left unused for several minutes professional stainless steel soleplate provides maximum glideability and heat retention anti-calcium filter prolongs life of iron 1500W.
Give them the gift of the Magic Kingdom with this graphic tee featuring their favorite characters.   screen-print graphic with characters crewneck short sleeve cotton/polyester washable imported
The PalmZipper easily strips corn straight off the cob with an easy swiping motion.   fits in the palm of your hand serrated stainless steel blade keeps kernels plump and whole Plastic/stainless steel. Measures 3¾x1x1¾H. Dishwasher-safe. Imported.
These decorative pillows coordinate with the Catalina comforter set. Decorative Pillow: 18 square fashion pillow with corded edge and beaded tassel fringe 18 square pillow with corded edge Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Our mesh shorts will keep you cool and comfortable and get you in gear for a great workout.  relaxed fit midrise dolphin binding and drawstring waist 6 inseam polyester washable imported
Crafted from tapered baguette and round cubic zirconia stones, this circle necklace expresses your sparkling sense of style. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Simulated diamond .87 ct. t.w. diamond equivalent Setting: Channel and pavé Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 cable chain Pendant Size: 19x20mm Carat (ct.) total weight (t.w.) represents the approximate total weight of diamonds or equivalent appearance. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Catch their eyes with the shimmering lace of our elegant sheath dress teamed up sheer illusion sleeves for a polished event look. 36 length from shoulder lace nylon/polyester/spandex lined hand wash, line dry imported
Start off each day with a smile as you enjoy your favorite coffee or tea in one of these fun mugs featuring a colorful, playful smiley face design.   durable ceramic construction each has a 12-ounce capacity microwave safe set of 4 Ceramic. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Using a color-blocked pattern with earthy hues, this indoor/outdoor rug creates a natural look for any space. mold and mildew resistant power-loomed construction durable polypropylene crafted in Belgium 4mm overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Polypropylene Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Rinse off with a hose. Origin: Imported  
Get your ultimate silhouette in our Playtex full-coverage bra, featuring exceptional smoothing and support in a comfortable, wireless design. full coverage alligator-textured fabric along a modern neckline                       Tru Support 4-way support system           Cushioned Comfort Straps™ to prevent dig-in built up back wings for back smoothing                breathable cup lining and back wings                   wireless support polyester/spandex imported manufacturer’s style #4E77                        
A sun-sational look at the beach or by the pool, our dot print tiered tankini swim top is a perfectly flattering, getaway-ready look. adjustable straps soft cups partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our dress shirt and tie set from Stafford ensures a perfect match right out of the box.   easy care performance specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering modified spread collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked shirt: cotton/polyester broadcloth
Striped pink beads make our drop earrings the perfect choice to show of your soft side. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Pink, blue and white beadsBack: WireDimensions: ⅓x2 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The classic beauty of these rose-tone hoop earrings makes them the perfect addition to just about any outfit.Metal: Rose-tone metalBack: HingedDimensions: 5.08x25.4mm longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Finish strong in our Nike FS Lite running shoes, featuring a flexible, lightweight design with ergonomic sculpting and a low-profile midsole. technology Breathe Tech midfoot panel offers lockdown in a breathable package construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up seamless fit with perforations for venting low profile midsole for responsiveness responsive foam midfoot for great ride ergonomic sculpting keeps outsole lightweight and flexible anatomically placed rubber pods on outsole for durability and responsiveness waffled patterned outsole for enhanced traction at high speeds
Our pique ankle pants feature a sophisticated, tailored look that makes them a great addition to your work wardrobe lineup. nylon zipper closure 2 back pockets and 1 front coin pocket 30 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Add a little boldness to your wardrobe with our short-sleeve woven shirt.  spread collar short sleeves left chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Give your silhouette a boost in our cotton-blend pushup bra by Ambrielle. Gentle and ultra-soft on the body, its demi cups give you moderate coverage with light push for a natural-looking lift. Rotating J-hook on the back straps transforms your bra to a versatile racerback design.     Style: demi; provides moderate coveragePadding: lightly lined molded cups with push for a natural lift; underwire for shape and supportFabric: cotton/spandexCare: hand wash, tumble dryOrigin: imported 
Break away from the ordinary with this must-have cardigan, featuring a unique cascading collar and lapel for extra flair. cascade collar and lapel long sleeves open front acrylic washable imported
With the three most-used items for traveling, this luggage set will let you get out of town in style. upright features up to 2½ front zippered expansion which provides 25% more packing room on demand upright has fully-lined interior, front zippered accessory pockets and push-button locking telescopic handle with contoured grip two 3 blade-style wheels on the upright provide easy transport travel tote has adjustable shoulder strap, front accessory pocket and dual-strap carry handle with hook-and-loop closure grip travel kit has strap carry handle 600-denier polyester Polyester. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported. 3-piece set includes: 20 upright: 13x6½x20H 14 carry-on tote: 12½x5½x14H 10 travel kit: 10x5½x5H
This tonal curtain panel features embroidered ribbon swirl details and has light-filtering properties for a beautiful room ambiance. available in soft, cool colors for easy room matching lined for enhanced weight and feel 1.25 rod pocket and back tabs ensures simple installation 84x50L sold individually polyester washable imported
Our charming floral tank top and leggings will make her picture-perfect and totally coordinated for any event. includes floral tank top and leggings with bows tank top: polyester leggings: cotton/spandex washable imported
Rock the office in our relaxed, pull-on print culottes and stride right into happy hour. elastic back 19½ inseam polyester body and lining washable imported
Push yourself to the limits with our eye-catching colorblocked Xersion barre leggings.   elastic waistband with key pocket quick dri no chafe seams compression fit approx. 36¼ length polyester/spandex washable imported
Soft, slimming leggings pull right on but have the appearance of real jeans, with a faux button-and-zip fly and faux front pockets. pull-on style high rise 11 leg opening faux button-and-zip fly faux front pockets functional back pockets 27½ inseam black knit: cotton/polyester/spandex rinse denim, houston denim: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Featuring a top handle for easy transport, this bean bag chair is great for playing video games, watching TV or simply relaxing. double-stitched seams for durability ergonomic seating position 250-pound weight capacity Polyester fabric with polystyrene beads. Measures 28x34x20H. Imported. 
Bring refreshing character and refinement to your bedroom with this oblong decorative pillow featuring a lovely duo of contrasting fabric styles.   printed ivory stripe pattern on top, taupe basketweave fabric on bottom faux-linen-covered cord trim measures 19x13 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Rock your retro in our high-rise denim jeggings. 2 back pockets 30 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Get outdoor flavors indoors and create a beautiful caramelized crust with ease with this searing grill featuring a removable lid.   removable plate and drip tray nonstick plate searing temperature locks in juices and flavor adjustable temperature control power and preheat lights extra-large drip tray AC current. Steel. Measures 10.6x18.12x14.06”H. Dishwasher-safe parts. Imported.
A Country original, these 5-pocket jeans offer the Wrangler style you've come to know and love in a slimmer fit.   sits at waist 5-pocket styling with lasso/star logo on front coin pocket and logo tab on back right pocket cotton washable imported
Your everyday go-to denim style, our classic bootcut jeans are the one to turn to for a flattering, leg-lengthening look. mid rise 5-pocket styling shank button-and-zip closure cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported misses average: 33 inseam misses short: 31 inseam misses long: 35 inseam petite: 29 1/2 inseam tall: 35½ inseam
This waterproof mattress pad is treated with Microban®, an antimicrobial finish, to preserve freshness, while the tightly woven 300 thread-count cotton cover allows stains to come out easily in the wash. 300 thread-count cotton cover with stain release allows stains to come out easily in the wash waterproof barrier provides maximum protection for your mattress treated with Microban which inhibits the growth of odor-causing bacteria, leaving your mattress smelling fresh staymade corners keep pad snug and fit mattresses up to 18 deep Cotton cover with polyester fill. Washable. Made in America. Twin: 39x75 Full: 54x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 78x80 Cal. King: 72x84
Add a formal, feminine touch to your professional ensemble with our lace-sleeve dress. long sleeves nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Add a modern look to your kitchen counter with this set of canisters featuring contrasting stripes with a hand-painted feel.   high-fired stoneware thick handles for comfortable use microwave safe 4-piece set includes: 6⅞x6⅞x9¼H canister with lid and 104-ounce capacity 6x6x8⅝H canister with lid and 64-ounce capacity 5¼x5¼x7¾H canister with lid and 44-ounce capacity 4½x4½x6½H canister with lid and 26-ounce capacity    Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Designed with comfort in mind, this logo shirt features a soft, cotton poly blend and a wide range of sizes. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Reflective logos and print and a contrast leg zipper turn these slim-fit running pants from ordinary to essential. elastic waistband with drawstring invisible zipper pocket compression fit straight leg flat front polyester washable imported
Our Nike crusader open hem pants are made for comfort and feature multiple pockets to stash your keys and phone during your workout. elastic waistband with interior drawstring for a snug, adjustable fit inseam gusset for enhanced range of motion side slit pockets and back flap pocket with hook-and-loop closure for versatile storage screen print for athletic style sits at waist regular fit polyester washable imported
Our super-soft plush tight-top mattress boasts superior hybrid construction  and Memory Foam gel core for a relaxing sleep. durable knit fabric cover FlameGuard™ Fiber and HyperSoft® Foam quilt comfort layers: 3 SealyCushion™ UltraSoft Foam; 0.5 gel memory CoreSupport™ foam center 1/3 supportive Classic Coil™ innerspring system provides long-lasting stability SolidEdge™ HD System polyester/polypropylene twin: 74.5x38x11H; coil count 434 twin xl: 79.5x38x11H; 448 coil count full: 74.5x53x11H; coil count 589 queen: 79.5x60x11H; 704 coil count king: 79.5x76x11H; 896 coil count cal. king: 83.5x72x11H; 884 coil count made in America Includes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring options also available
Our jumpsuit from a.n.a provides a complete, hip and unique outfit to help you stand out from the crowd. roundneck sleeveless 2 chest and 2 side pockets elastic waist with drawstring straight leg with elastic band midrise medium wash: lyocell; washable black: rayon; machine wash, line dry imported
Add that dazzling extra burst of color with these genuine amethyst earrings. Made in America.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 7x5mm oval genuine amethyst Setting: Prong Back: Post   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Make a tasty impression baking unique square layer cakes with the Cake Boss 8 square cake pan.   heavy-duty, folded aluminized steel resists corrosion and warping rolled, wire-reinforced rims provide added strength, an easier grip and helps prevent warping long-lasting, nonstick coating and quilted surface resist wear, promote even heat distribution and beautiful browning with superb release oven safe to 450°F Aluminized steel. Hand wash. Imported.  
Delicate laser-cut details give understated texture to these boots, making them an ideal option for your cold-weather outfits. synthetic upper 14 shaft height 15 shaft circumference rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Our crossbody bag from Liz Claiborne is just the right size to take along on all of your adventures.  flat shoulder strap, 19.2drop nylon zipper and magnetic snap closure polyurethane with polyester lining interior pocket 10.4x8x2D imported
Dress up your home with an attractive Garden Lattice rug. It's stylish enough for indoor yet tough enough for outdoors.   pet friendly mold and mildew resistnat yarn dyed for lasting color flat weave construction for a low profile Polypropylene. Spot clean. Imported.
Faster and easier than ironing, this Conair® upright fabric steamer de-wrinkles and freshens clothing, drapes and more. Save money on cleaning services by getting professional results with this high-velocity steamer.   removes odors and kills dust mites auto-off feature for safety and convenience extra large capacity removable tank provides 1½ hours of steam telescoping pole hangs garments and nozzle with 360° rotating hanger collapses for easy storage Includes: dual clip system with rotating hanger for holding and steaming pants and skirts removable 5-foot cool touch insulated hose crease attachment Wipe clean. UL listed. 1200W.
With a sleeveless design and sharkbite hem, this breezy, springtime dress has enough style to please even your toughest fashion critic. sleeveless cotton/polyester washable imported
With crochet straps and deep side pockets, our swim cover-up will leave you feeling chic and casual for your days in the sun. straight neck crochet straps sleeveless deep pockets approx. 29½ length polyester/rayon hand wash, dry flat imported
Our Keds champion is a staple in your wardrobe, adding vibrancy and color to any outfit and it comes with fun dip-dyed laces for extra excitement.   lightweight 100% cotton canvas upper breathable twill lining dyed laces durable rubber sole
Classically styled with a comfort fit design, this domed wedding band ring looks elegant on its own or pairs beautifully with virtually any ring.   Metal: Sterling silver Dimensions: 4mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Set a precedent for exceptional taste with our strapless high-low dress with jacquard bodice detail. tubeneck strapless built-in bra back zipper approx. 35-48½ length from shoulder lined polyester professional spot clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Our Bali Live it Up underwire bra features exceptional comfort, support and lift in a soft, jacquard design. feminine stitch details on sides show where lift occurs cushioned straps for shoulder comfort jacquard fabric nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #3353
From the yoga studio to the couch, these yoga shorts will keep her comfy during all her daily activities and feature cool contrasted side panels for an extra bit of flair.   black/aqua/green: cotton/spandex gray/pink/orange: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported 
Soft, pull-on style stretch velour leggings will be a comfortable choice for weekends and downtime. slim fit elastic waistband back rise: approx. 14⅛ - 16½ from top edge cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 29½ inseam; approx. 10 - 12 front rise; 13⅞ - 15⅞ back rise petite: 27 inseam; approx. 9¼ - 11¾ front rise; 13⅛ - 15⅝ back rise
Fringe lace trim lends girly flair to these easy-match soft shorts. fringe lace in front and hem elastic waist polyester washable imported
Our button-front poplin shirt features a button pocket on the chest and a regular fit for a sharp, casual look.  button front short sleeves button pocket at chest regular fit cotton/spandex washable imported
Help keep the cold at bay with training pants that feature extra warm, insulated Therma-FIT fleece fabric. elastic waistband side slit pockets polyester washable imported
The contrast double stitching along the edges of this reversible belt makes it stand out from the crowd, plus it reverses from black to brown with the ease of a twist.   brushed silver buckle polyurethane/leather imported
Add a sophisticated look to your bedroom and keep things quiet and dark through the night with this energy-saving blackout curtain panel. sophisticated paisley leaf design helps reduce light and noise blocks light for a better night's rest 1½ grommet top polyester washable imported Panels are sold individually. 
Our dress pants from Steve Harvey have a modern comfy fit with a classic formal look that will complement his handsome side. flex waist zip fly with hook closure 2 front and 2 back pockets flat front polyester washable imported
With its pretty wedding ring embroidery in shades of sage and burgundy, this pillow sham makes a great accent to your bedroom style. ivory background with wedding ring embroidery in sage and burgundy features hand-guided machine quilting Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Standard: 26x20 King: 36x20
Join the corduroy craze with the timeless details of our straight-leg pants for a throw-back look you'll love. classic fit built-in tummy tuck panel button-and-zip closure 5-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported plus: 31 inseam plus short: 29 inseam
Featuring elastic goring and an EVA insole for superior comfort, our slip-on shoes are designed to stand up to the wear and tear of all-day use. synthetic upper EVA insole for superior comfort twin elastic goring for a secure and personalized fit oil and slip resistant non-marking EVA sole
Exchange your vows again with this anniversary wedding band, showcasing the incredible beauty of five princess-cut diamonds, perhaps representing your incredible years together.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. princess-cut diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 22.4mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Feel chic and confident when you face the chill in our sleek, midweight jacket from St. John’s Bay. detachable and adjustable hood zippered front with snap storm tab 2 vertical zippered pockets adjustable cuffs with self-adhesive closures 28½ length from shoulder polyester shell washable imported
With a vibrant attitude, our Worthington essential t-shirt breathes life into your wardrobe. scoopneck with pleats short sleeves approx. 23¾ length polyester/spandex washable imported
Spice up your accessory collection with this edgy watch featuring a gold-tone design and see-through skeleton dial.   Brand: Elgin Dial Color: Skeleton Strap: Gold-tone brass Clasp: Push button buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 44mm Case Thickness: 13mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long, 20 mm wide Model No.: FG9040 Special Features: analog, see through dial, UP hour markers Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add a pop of color and nostalgia to the kitchen with the retro-styled Cake Boss four-piece porcelain ice cream bowl set in the patterns & quotes print.   crafted from sturdy, quality porcelain and finished with a beautiful glaze lively retro colors and patterns are great for both everyday and entertaining each features a different color and design with a fun word decal in the bottom of the bowl coordinates with Cake Boss plates, mugs and other serveware pieces microwave safe each bowl has a 13-oz. capacity set of 4 Porcelain. Each bowl measures 5½x5½x7H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Bursting with vibrant color, this citrine and diamond-accent ring set in 14K yellow gold will make any look pop.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 4x6mm oval heat-treated genuine yellow citrine Other Stones: Diamond-accents   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Creased and faded Spencer jeans make a style statement with superior denim and a fit that’s just right. slim fit sits just below waist 5-pocket style logo patch zip front with button closure straight leg creased leg detail cotton washable imported
Enjoy our cotton twill colorblock cargo shorts at home or on the go. 100% cotton washable imported
This two-piece Cake Pop pan lets you create perfectly round, bite-sized cake or brownie balls. Serve them on a stick as a yummy party treat.   a fun and easy treat to serve at birthday parties or other special occasions makes a dozen Cake Pops at a time includes 24 6 sticks oven-safe to 450°F Dishwasher-safe. Made in America.
A snappy stripe pattern and enticing keyhole lace design make our sheath dress perfect for a fun night out. crewneck sleeveless approx. 36½ length polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Everyone will ooh and aww when they see him in our comfortable, soft cotton bodysuit and pants set.  includes 2 bodysuits and 1 pair of pants expandable shoulders applique, embroidery and screen print nickel-free snaps on reinforced panels elastic waistband 100% cotton washable imported  For child's safety, garments should fit snugly. These garments are not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garments are more likely to catch fire.
Quilted vest in twill responds with ease of movement and comfortability.   7.25 oz. twill waist-length rear kidney flap rib-knit collar front zipper closure front patch pockets side elastic inserts solid brass zipper polyester/cotton lining: polyester insulation: polyester washable imported of domestic goods more sizes: regular, tall, big, big tall
Complete her sunny-day style with this zippered-front swimsuit and cover-up shorts set. includes 1-piece swimsuit and shorts suit: 3 zip-front closure; nylon/spandex shorts: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Featuring mixed fabrics and a figure-flattering silhouette, our sleeveless lace fit-and-flare dress is anything but ordinary. scoopneck back zip 40 length from shoulder cotton/nylon/polyester/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
The little black dress goes glitz with the glitter fabric of our sleeveless faux-wrap dress and its beautiful brooch. v-neck sleeveless hidden zipper rhinestone brooch approx. 41 length from shoulder polyester machine wash, dry flat imported   RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Add some punch to your outfit with this versatile shoulder bag that's big enough to carry your essentials and makes a great addition to your daily activities. double top handles, 10 drop snap closure synthetic; synthetic lining drawstring with tassel accent exterior 1 zip pocket, 2 compartments interior 1 zip pocket, 3 slide pockets 10(H) x 14¾(W) x 5(D) imported
Enjoy special occasions and relaxing evenings with this durable, top-of-the-line corkscrew. It easily pulls cork after cork.   polished chrome finish faux leather grip pads foil cutter and extra spiral included great gift for any wine enthusiast Metal/faux leather. Spot clean. Imported.
Get the latest look with our sleeveless crochet collar dress, featuring an awesome alternative hem and cute crochet details. roundneck sleeveless back hook and eye closure 35½ shortest length from shoulder lined rayon hand wash, dry flat imported
This elegant necklace features a series of blue stones on a gold-tone cable chain for a sophisticated, elegant look. It's the perfect special-occasion piece.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Blue stones Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 20 long cable chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail
Alfred Dunner pants give you the great fit and look you want in a simple, pull-on style.   elastic waist 2 slash pockets polyester washable imported plus: 29½ inseam plus short: 27 inseam
Make a splash this season in customized swimwear that begins with our delightful Zeroxposur tankini swim top.   scoopneck built-in bra racerback UPF 30+ sun protection lightweight 4-way stretch quick dry back panel mesh insert nylon/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Put a colorful spotlight on your legs with our charming knee high socks. one size fits most package of 3 pairs polyester microfiber/nylon/spandex washable imported  
Our stylish and easy to wear fit-and-flare dress features abstract floral print with a flattering belted waist. jeweled neckline back zipper 35¼ length from shoulder polyester/spandex imported
  This high-temperature cordless glue gun makes crafting in any workspace easy.  Instead of bringing your project to the glue gun, bring the glue gun to the project!  It easily bonds wood, plastic, metal, ceramics, magnets, leather, paper, fabric and other porous and non-porous materials. insulated nozzle fold-down stand on/off switch and light safety fuse that will turn the gun off if it overheats recharging docking station with a drip pad to contain any messes gun measures 7 x 6¾” uses standard size glue sticks (.43”) base measures 10½ x 2¾” imported
The comfortable close fit of our Nike capris gives you that range of motion you need for your most strenuous workouts and your downtime too. elastic and drawstring waist mesh pockets approx. 31½ inseam cotton/polyester washable imported
Our bomber jacket has gone through a serious transformation to become a sizzling trendsetter with modern mesh. roundneck long sleeves approx. 22 length polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
What it is:A dynamic eyeliner pencil in a rainbow of shades.What it does:Glide on color that stays put for the duration of your nonstop, on-the-go day! These cushiony, creamy eye pencils deliver powerful, vibrant color that slides on smooth and stays soft and creamy for blending (about 30 seconds), then dries to a long-lasting finish that won't budge. Line eyes with a hint of color or go for the full artistic, multi-hued effect. Truly inspired, these pencils go all day and all night. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know:Created with 50 percent moisturizing ingredients suspended in a sophisticated waterproof formula, this brilliant collection of eye essentials offers long-lasting color and a dreamy, creamy feel when applied.This product is an Allure Best of Beauty award winner.Size:0.04 ozIngredients:Cyclopentasiloxane, Isododecane, Synthetic Wax, Polybutene, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Hydrogenated Cottonseed Oil, Ceresin, Ozokerite, Cera Microcristallina (Microcrystalline Wax/Cire Microcristalline), Tocopherol, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Phenoxyethanol. [+/- (May Contain/Peut contenir): CI 77491/77492/77499 (Iron Oxides), CI 77891 (Titanium Dixoide), CI 77007 (Ultramarines), CI 77019 (Mica)].
Achieve effortless everyday style in this no-wrinkle woven shirt from Dockers. no-wrinkle fabric button-down collar left chest pocket with logo embroidery cotton/polyester washable imported
Roosters in warm, earthy tones lend this kitchen rug an inviting look that makes any space cozy. tufted construction durable, easy-care nylon crafted in America 5/16 overall thickness measures 30x18 Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Made in America
Protect your furniture while enjoying the plush feel of velvet with this comfy pet-friendly sofa slipcover. 50 backdrop anti-static finish triple organizer pockets on each arm for devices, magazines, remotes or glasses 4 box quilt pattern arm and seat anchors tuck in for added stability binding edge soft microfiber back with nonskid silicone paw prints Polyester. Washable. Imported. Designed to fit sofas that have a back height of 36 and that measure 96 wide (outside arm to outside arm) with a seat cushion depth of 36.
Rock on in the retro-cool feel of our take-notice jeggings. 30 inseam 5-pocket styling cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Take a break from jeans and get comfortable in our stretchy pull-on jeggings.   cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 30 inseam petite: 28 inseam
Our drawstring waist French terry shorts will keep you comfortable from working out to hanging out. cotton/polyester washable imported
For underneath dresses or skirts or just pairing with a tee, these print leggings bring a pop of fun and warmth to her outfit.   elastic waist cotton/spandex washable imported
Get fired up to create special desserts using the Cake Boss chef's torch. This is the go-to tool for finishing crème brulée and browning meringues. It can also be used to lightly toast marshmallow frosting on chocolate cupcakes or to create a sugar crust on a sponge cake.   designed with a die-cast aluminum body and rubberized handle features adjustable temperatures fuel level indicator window lets bakers know when it’s time to refill with butane boasts an anti-flare flame and a safety lock sits in a stand when not in use Aluminum. Imported.  
Go from meeting to meeting in confident comfort with our handsome wingtip oxfords and their smooth, cushioned design. lace up comfort gel heel cap toe leather upper rubber sole
Start each day off with a comfortable foundation. These cotton-rich Hanes tee feature a tag-free design with shrink-resistant fabric and comfort you can count on. package of 4 ultra-soft comfortblend cotton-poly fabric dries quickly TAGLESS® crewneck with a lay-flat collar that keeps its shape wash after wash durable fabric shrinks less than 100% cotton and holds its shape cotton/polyester/rayon washable imported
The romantic look of our peasant top is a very popular look and gets a modern update with open crochet details on the shoulders. scoopneck with tie 3/4 sleeves with crochet details approx. 24 length rayon/polyester hand wash, line dry imported  
Add some drama to your outfit with this medallion-lace-back vest.   ●    open front●    31 length●    rayon●    dry clean only●    imported  
Frying, sautéing, boiling and braising—do it all with this ceramic cookware set. The nonstick ceramic interior requires little to no oil for healthier cooking.   heavy-gauge aluminum provides fast, even heating smooth porcelain enamel exterior is durable and easy to clean cream-colored ceramic interior is PFOA, lead and cadmium free tempered glass lids keep in moisture and flavor during cooking and let you monitor your progress with just a glance soft-grip cast stainless steel handles are double riveted for durability oven safe to 350ºF 8-piece set includes: 1½-quart saucepan with lid 3-quart saucepan with lid 5-quart Dutch oven with lid 8 fry pan 10 fry pan Aluminum with ceramic interiors, glass lids and stainless steel handle. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Our Stylus oversized shirt takes a traditional shirt and gives it a huge dose of excitement with an interesting back pleat. collar long sleeves chest pocket button down back pleat misses: approx. 29¾ length tall: approx. 31¼ length 100% cotton washable imported
Friendship is magic and style is easy with this cool My Little Pony graphic sweatshirt. crewneck long sleeves foil detail cotton/polyester washable imported
Wearing the latest trends has never been as comfortable as in these slim Straight, all-cotton jeans from Levi’s.   15¾ leg opening 98% cotton/2% elastane washable imported
Perfect for weekend trips and packing light, this travel wallet from Dopp holds your documents and is made from rich, oil-tanned cowhide.   3 credit card slots gusseted main compartment ID window exterior/lining: leather imported
The Rowenta DW2090 Effective Comfort Cord Reel Iron combines a thumb rest, comfort handle, and retractable cord for an unbelievable ease that makes pressing and steaming a pleasure. Choose from multiple steam settings and experience the incredibly smooth glide of the stainless steel soleplate, which conquers tricky corners, creases, and other snags that hold you up anymore. scratch resistant, stainless steel microsteam 300 soleplate provides a smooth surface with excellent glide 1500 Watts of power self-cleaning system helps prolong the life of Iron anti calc system helps to remove the loose mineral deposits and give clean and longer steam highly polished stainless steel provide a smooth surface for excellent glide precision tip delivers steam and reaches the difficult area for giving excellent ironing results smart 3-way auto shut off which automatically shuts off the iron if left in vertical position for 8 minutes and within 30 seconds if left in horizontal or tipped over imported    
Let your Young Jedi show off his affinity for the Force with this pre-tied tie featuring allover vintage print of his favorite characters. pre-tied graphic print 2 1/2 wide 14 long polyester spot clean only imported 
This simple, pleated valance has a rich chocolate faux leather and stylish fringe that will frame your window with subtle western elegance. faux suede faux-suede fringe copper-colored embroidered crosses barbwire detailing  84x18L sold individually polyester dry clean   imported   Coordinating window treatments sold separately.
Bring modern style to your bedroom with this comforter set that features a classic plaid design in muted tones. modern plaid design in shades of blue and gray cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton sham(s) washable twin comforter: 72x92 full/queen comforter: 92x92 king comforter: 106x94 imported 2-piece twin set includes: comforter sham 3-piece full/queen and king sets includes: comforter  2 shams Twin and full/queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams.
Add delicate beauty to your space with this pillow sham featuring a medallion design. intricate medallion design in shades of white, reed yellow and aqua pre-washed Cotton with polyester back and cotton fill. Washable. Imported. Standard: 26x20 King: 36x20
Nestle in with dreams of the beach in this quilt set featuring a hand-ruched design in cool coastal tones that provide cushions of exotic comfort. pieced pinstripes and paisley design reverses to coordinating paisley print in cool green and snapdragon 100% cotton 2-piece Twin set includes: quilt sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: quilt 2 shams Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Cotton with cotton fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: quilt is 68x88; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: quilt is 90x90; shams are 26x20 King: quilt is 105x95; shams are 36x20
Our camo crew socks from Nike feature moisture-wicking cotton that helps keep his feet dry and comfortable. package of 3 pairs moisture-wicking reinforced heel and toe for enhanced durability cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported
Your child won't have to go to a galaxy far, far away to enjoy the out-of-this-world fun of this Star Wars sheet set. reversible pillowcase(s) Star Wars ships pattern fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 12 deep Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase(s) Twin set includes one standard pillowcase. Full set includes two standard pillowcases. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 30x20 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20
The crew sock is a soft and comfortable choice on casual days. polyester/cotton/nylon washable imported fits shoe sizes 6-9
Get a clean, simple look with our super-comfy Skechers flip flops. technology goga mat technology construction synthetic upper synthetic sole
Our button-front shirt has roll-tab sleeves and lovely crochet details on the shoulders, adding feminine flair to everyday attire. crochet shoulders button front 3/4 sleeves with roll tabs polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Clear glass stonesBack: WireDimensions: 1.25x3.75  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Roll up the sleeves of our open-front peplum blazer to give a glimpse of its pinstriped lining.   notched lapel long sleeves 2 front welt pockets peplum waist body: polyester/rayon/spandex lining: polyester washable imported
Revive a little historical style of your own with a fluffy, touchable shag rug. The Renaissance shag rug collection will revitalize your decor with vibrant color and sumptuous texture.   thick, lush fibers have super-soft feel heat set for long-lasting colors strong, lustrous yarn with superior resistance to abrasion, pilling and fuzzing machine-tufted construction highly durable nylon crafted in America 1⅝ pile height; 2⅜ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable Origin: Made in America 
Enjoy hot mugs of coffee, cocoa or tea with the retro-styled Cake Boss four-piece porcelain mug set in the icing & quotes pattern.   crafted from sturdy, quality porcelain and finished with a beautiful glaze lively colors and patterns capture old-school bakeshop tradition and heritage each milk-white mug features an icing pattern with a different message coordinates with Cake Boss plates, bowls and other serveware pieces microwave safe each mug has a 12-oz. capacity set of 4 Porcelain. Each mug measures 7¾x4x9¾H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
These three stretch bracelets are perfect stacked together, with an assortment of beads in reds, peaches and pinks, accented with gold-toney. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Beads Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Join the dark side with this Darth Vader–themed shoe with a cool zigzag strap closure. construction leather/synthetic/textile upper padded collar and tongue self-adhesive closure cushioned comfort insole rubber sole details zigzag strap Darth Vader side graphic metallic mesh detail
Complete your athletic chic look with these Kickstart mesh lace-up sneakers. canvas upper mesh accents on upper for breathability lightweight, colorful twill lining rubber sole for durability
Dress up your look with elegant style in these pumps featuring a pretty cutout look and classic pointed toe. synthetic upper 4¼ heel cut-out design plastic sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Bring a little fun to your casual wardrobe with our comfy tee.  crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
A comfortable fit is assured with our Stylus peasant blouse, which makes it a favorite choice for work and play. v-neck 3/4 sleeves approx. 30 length solid: rayon print: cotton/nylon machine wash, line dry imported
Brighten the kitchen and whet appetites with this cheerful and convenient aluminum nonstick two-piece skillet set.   high-performance aluminum skillets boast bright speckled porcelain enamel exteriors that add a warm, table-ready touch durable and distinctive white nonstick interiors offer lively contrast while delivering excellent food release and easy cleanup comfortable rubberized handles match the pans’ colors skillets hang for convenient storage oven safe to 350°F 2-piece set includes: 9¼ skillet 11½ skillet Aluminum. Hand wash. Imported.  
Create a beautiful backdrop for your room with curtains featuring a Jacobean floral pattern and coordinating gimp trim.   hang two ways—create a shirred look with the rod pocket or use the back tabs to create a soft, pleated effect gimp trim buckram in header adds crispness and support to the fabric Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 2 in diameter. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
You can dress our 3/4-sleeve jacket up or down depending on the occasion and look great either way.  notch collar 3/4 sleeves 2-button closure flax: polyester/rayon/linen other colors: polyester/rayon washable imported misses: 25 length from shoulder petite: 23 length from shoulder
This bucket hat has a fun tie dye side and a traditional navy side so you can wear it for different occasions. reversible 16x14x10H 100% cotton spot clean imported  
Stylish tops are always a safe bet, so the odds are good that our tie-waist, flutter-sleeve woven top is a big winner. v-neck short sleeves pull-through sash polyester machine wash, line dry imported
An ikat print banded waist adds a vibrant touch to our flattering hipster swim bottoms.   fully lined nylon/elastane nylon/spandex contrast hand wash, line dry imported
What it is:A tinted brow gel.What it is formulated to do:For those with thin, sparse brows, this unique, botanical formula gives the appearance of fuller, thicker brows. The combination of cream and gel effortlessly defines and fills in the look of brows while controlling and shaping without flaking or fading.What else you need to know:The non-greasy formula can easily be removed at night with a facial cleanser or makeup remover. Housed in a sleek, portable tube that allows for precise, no-mess application, Anastasia's Tinted Brow Gel is perfect for instant brow touch-ups anyplace, anytime. It's the must-have tool for any beauty-savvy woman.Suggested Usage:-For a natural, highlighting effect, apply over brow powder or pencil.-Brow gel blends with hair color, and it can be used to touch up roots in between hair color touch ups.Size:0.32 ozIngredients​All shades contain:Water (Aqua), VP/VA Copolymer, Alcohol Denat, Propylene Glycol, Triethanolamine, Carbomer, Phenoxyethanol, Methylparaben, Propylparaben, Glycerin, Tetrasodium EDTA, Hydrolyzed Glycosaminoglycans, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower/Leaf Extract, Sodium Hyaluronate, Ethylparaben, Butylparaben. May Contain: (+/-) Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Mica (CI 77019), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Carmine (CI 75491).
Peek-a-boo charm with crochet details makes our comfy-chic blouse an irresistible hit. 3/4 sleeve v-neck polyester/spandex washable imported
Embroidered Amanda jeans from Gloria Vanderbilt will add a little something special to your wardrobe. sits at waist straight leg 31 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Top your favorite cool-weather looks with the timeless silhouette of our faux-suede jacket. long sleeves point collar front zipper zipper pockets approx. 25 - 26¼ front length polyester washable imported
Enjoy the classic style, Stay Dry technology and comfortable stretch of these Jockey bikini briefs. package of 4 pairs moisture-wicking Stay Dry technology stay new technology cotton/spandex washable imported
A lively pattern inspired by Spanish tiles fills the top of this comforter set in soft shades of gray, white and yellow. 200 thread-count cotton sateen face; brushed polyester microfiber back generously sized comforter pillow shams have 1½ flange bedskirt has 100% cotton drop and brushed polyester microfiber platform 4-piece set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full and Queen sets include standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester back and polyester fill; cotton shams with polyester back; cotton bedskirt with polyester platform. Washable. Imported. Full: comforter is 80x90; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 54x75 Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20; bedskirt is 60x80 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 78x80 Cal. King: comforter is 104x100; shams are 36x20; bedskirt is 72x84
Add some fun to your warm-weather style with our sleeveless suede fringe dress, featuring a flirty back keyhole. v-neck sleeveless back keyhole approx. 32½-34 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
When it comes to your underwear, you want a great fit in a fabric that’s soft and won’t shrink. Stafford has you covered with these knit boxers in a variety of patterns.   combed cotton all-day comfort preshrunk for lasting fit reinforced durable stitching comfort waistband cotton washable imported
This comforter set features a serene design with sweet turquoise scalloped waves. scalloped detail and macramé trim cotton/polyester comforter with polyester fill washable twin comforter: 66x86 full comforter: 78x88 imported 2-piece twin sets include: comforter sham 3-piece full sets include: comforter 2 shams Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin and full sets include standard sham(s). 
The sporty style of our performance pants can take you to the gym or be your comfy choice for a lazy day. mid rise elastic waistband slim fit approx. 22-23 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
What it is: A medium, rounded brush used to smudge along the lash line and in the crease. What it does:This is the ideal brush shape for smudging eye shadow and eye liner in the crease and along the lash line. Its dense fibers pick up product for high color payoff and intensity. It features straight fibers, and can be used with loose and pressed powders as well as pencil eye liners. What else you need to know:After five years in development with makeup artists and fiber experts, MAKE UP FOR EVER Artisan Brushes are a revolution in brush craftsmanship. The 100-percent fiber brushes are available in a range of 76 handcrafted styles, each with the perfect balance of straight and wavy fibers that replicate natural hairs. Beveled tips create a two-in-one makeup brush and tool, while innovative hair density and brush head shapes optimize every stroke for ideal makeup application. To achieve the ultimate collection, every brush has gone through 25 production stages by 30 craftsmen and has been checked for quality 50 times.
Enjoy just enough support when you sleep without too much compression in our lace-trimmed wirefree sleep bra from Glamorous. full figure soft fabrication and lace trim wide comfort straps adjustable hook-and-eye back closure unlined cups wirefree nylon/elastane machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #1805
Featuring shaped arms and nailhead trim, this club chair takes the upscale feel of any space to another level.   premium hardwood frame and plywood rails glue and screw joinery web spring system comfortable cushions filled with upholstery foam solid wood feet Upholstery is 100% bonded leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 29Wx31Dx30H with a 20 seat height, 22 seat depth and 11 seat back height. Imported.
With a reflective logo, hidden key pocket and moisture-wicking gusset, our floral ankle leggings are the perfect choice for your next workout or run. reinforced moisture wicking gusset hidden waistband key pocket reflective logo detail 27 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Get two looks for the price of one with our skirt and poncho—a garment with a versatile style that can be worn as a turtleneck poncho or an asymmetrical skirt—for the perfect capsule wardrobe staple.  elastic closure 25½ length rayon/spandex washable imported
Update your warm-weather wardrobe with our dress, featuring a stripe print for a super-cute look. ●    roundneck●    short sleeves●    32 length●    polyester●    hand wash, dry flat●    imported  
Simply elegant with an easy-read dial, this watch goes seamlessly from day into night.   Brand: Timex Dial Color: Black Strap: Black leather Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 25mm Case Thickness: 8mm Model No.: T2N5259J Special Features: Date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You'll love the lightweight feel of our sleeveless shirtdress, featuring a delicate lace design and a belt to help accentuate your feminine waistline. collar front buttons 38 length from shoulder lined lace polyester/spandex dry clean only imported
Get him looking his fancy pants best with this adorable cotton outfit set featuring a button-front oxford shirt with matching vest and coordinated pants for a casual dressy look.   includes shirt, vest and pants shirt: collar, button-front, long sleeves, nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel jeans: no-pinch elastic waist with faux zip closure 100% cotton washable imported
For a fit that never goes out of style, start your day in the timeless comfort of our classic turn-cuff textured crew socks by Mixit.   package of 3 pairs cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
Stay safe on the job with these rugged work boots featuring a sleek, slip-resistant design and a side zipper for easy access. technology iCS technology lets you adjust the comfort level to fit your needs construction leather/nylon upper rubber sole details lace up side zipper
Walk through your day with effortless style in our Mercy ballet flats, featuring an elastic ankle strap to keep your look on point.   synthetic/elastic upper rubber sole  
The tasteful v-neck and fun fringe along the bottom hem make this crochet tank top one that you'll love wearing out on your next night out with friends. v-neck sleeveless 18¾-20⅛ length 100% cotton washable imported
This rug features an intriguing array of wavy lines in rich tones, creating a unique and inviting style for your room. easy-care fabric power-loomed construction durable polypropylene crafted in Turkey ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean. Professional cleaning recommended. Origin: Imported
Decorative pillow Nouveau Suede features a look and feel you'll love, and makes a welcome addition almost anywhere.   soft suede feel you'll love to touch corded edge available in your choice of stylish colors Measures 17x17 with a 2½ gusset. Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Made in America of imported materials.
These SensorLOFT® medium-firm-density pillows are uniquely designed to offer maximum sleeping comfort by offering superior head and neck support.   1 gusseted sateen sidewall configuration cradles the head and shoulders and aligns your spine to a more natural sleeping position generously filled with Sofloft® plush fiber 220 thread-count, 100% cotton cover designed to not go flat pack of 2 Cotton cover with polyester fill. Spot clean. Assembled in America from imported materials. Standard: 20x26x4H Queen: 20x30x4H King: 20x36x4H      
This decorative pillow features a look and feel you'll love, and makes a welcome addition almost anywhere. multi colors polyester with polyester fill spot clean measures 12x16 imported
Brand: CrayoDial Color: PurpleStrap: Purple leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 40mmCase Thickness: 9mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.25 long; 18mm wideModel No.: CRACR0201   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Love this sneaker he will, with its z-strap closures and Yoda™ details.   construction     leather/synthetic/textile upper     padded collar and tongue     shock-absorbing midsole     rubber toe cap and sole, suitable for Jedi training     details       metallic mesh fabric details     z-strap and self-adhesive closure  
Bring a fresh and festive look to your windows with these bright curtain panels.   rod-pocket styling tiebacks included fabric-lined for an upscale look  Panels are sold as a 2-pack; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Valance sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Cotton with polyester lining. Washable. Imported.
This bedding collection features a bright reversible design and coordinating sheet set for a whole new look in your bedroom. fun and beautiful design reversible navy comforter reverses to lighter blue lavendar comforter reverses to darker purple dotted sheet set fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 12 deep polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester sham(s), flat sheet, fitted sheet, pillowcase(s), laundry bag and storage bag washable twin xl comforter: 66x92 full comforter: 76x86 imported 7-piece twin xl sets include: comforter sham flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase laundry bag storage bag 9-piece full sets include: comforter 2 shams flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases laundry bag storage bag Twin xl and full sets include standard sham(s). 
Give her an active shoe for her active lifestyle with our lightweight, breathable running shoes and their soft, flexible design. technology Phylon core midsole with deep flex grooves offers a natural motion ride construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace-up entry internal forefoot bootie gives a secure fit and support solid rubber pods on sole add traction and durability
Laced floral vines on this rug intertwine to create a tantalizing landscape that's sure to spice up any room in your home. made from recycled bottles using EverStrand® technology woven construction durable polyester crafted in America 0.39 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean or professionally clean. Origin: Made in America  
This soft, 100% cotton nightgown has a look reminiscent of a day dress, letting you answer the doorbell without a need to blush. roundneck short sleeves button front pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Our flexible and lightweight running shoes give you a minimal feel with cushioning to go the distance, featuring a Phylon core midsole and a natural motion design that emulates the foot's natural movement. technology Phylon core midsole for great cushioning internal forefoot bootie construction gives a secure fit Phylite carrier midsole provides flexible, lightweight cushioning with great durability natural motion design emulates the foot's natural movement construction breathable mesh and synthetic upper durable rubber outsole grips surfaces details lace up breathable, lightweight midfoot support
Show your favorite city some love by displaying our cityscape towels in your kitchen. They also make a great souvenir or gift for out-of-town guests. ●    2 cityscape towels●    2 solid waffle towels●    absorbent, easy-care cotton fabric●    coordinating placemats sold separately●    set of 4●    100% cotton●    each dish towel measures 28x18●    washable●    imported  
From waist to hem, the 510™ skinny jeans are the leanest, meanest, hippest jeans in the Levi’s® arsenal. A bit of elastane in the denim keeps them comfortable and easy moving.    5-pocket style sits below waist skinny legs, 13.5 openings slim fit from waist to hem rigid gray, jet black, midnight and true chino: 98% cotton/2% elastane rigid dragan and nevermind: 99% cotton/1% elastane lake anza: 92% cotton/7% polyester/1% elastane washable imported  
Show you give a hoot about fashion and sport this enchanting owl marcasite ring.     Metal: Pure silver-plated brass Stones: Genuine marcasite   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.      
These pumps are perfect for nights on the dance floor, with enough sparkle to light up any room. polyester upper 4¾ heel 1 platform adjustable ankle strap composition leather sole
A bassinet, Moses basket and changing table in one makes this Classique bassinet an extremely useful, convenient item.   removable Moses basket large storage basked under the bassinet hanging organizer with diaper stacker mesh side windows for increased air flow quilted and padded interior fabric vinyl covered mattress easy-roll, locking casters allow you to move from room to room bassinet for babies up to 3 months and less than 15 lbs. changing table for babies up to 25 lbs. 20x34.5x35.75 assembly required; instructions included JPMA certified solid wood frame cotton/polyester/nylon; polyester fill spot clean imported
Features: Plays one of 18 Hi-Fi melodies or chimes on the hour, light sensor and volume control lets you control the melodies Battery Operated: Yes, 3 AA batteries required Base Material: Silver-tone plastic Dimensions: 63.5x317.5mm
Designed with a unique EVA heel cushion that absorbs impact as you walk, our slippers are durable enough to wear both indoors and outdoors. slip-resistant microterrry upper thermoplastic rubber sole machine wash, dry flat imported
These bright-colored fashion sneakers will light up the room with its embossed mesh detailing and cool logo front strap. construction textile and synthetic upper lightweight EVA outsole breathable mesh panels details exclusive logo on sides lace-up and strap closure
You've got your seaworthy style covered in our flattering pleated-front tankini swim top in a wave of ocean-inspired hues. underwire partially lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
You will look stellar in our American Spirit bandeau swim top, designed with all the details for fun in the sun.  detachable straps molded cups ties at back partially lined 11x7x1.5H nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Built for durability and warmth, this is a front-zip hoodie that's ready for the job when a cold snap arrives. drawstring hood long sleeves lightweight thermal lining front zip hidden exterior security pocket kangaroo pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
The boots in this rain collection were designed for women looking for stylish boots that can perform extremely well on those cold, wet days from late fall to early spring. This collection is designed with trendy color tones and key features. synthetic rubber blend upper low heel high shaft height pull on waterproof design high-definition colored lining removable insole 100% recyclable synthetic rubber blend sole
Look as sharp as the Caped Crusader with these cuff links, featuring the Batman logo with yellow background on the front and a DC Comics™ logo on the back.   metal with a black-tone finish imported
Moisture-wicking performance shorts from IZOD have spacious, side zipper pockets that won't interfere with your swing.   zip front with button closure 2 front side-seam pockets 2 side zip pockets 10½ inseam polyester washable imported
With the comfort of our Xersion leggings, you'll want to wear them all day long. enhanced elastic waistband with infinity drawcord key pocket no chafe seams quick dri fabric UV protection 31½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
The elegant mesh sleeves and darling beaded design of our sheath dress are sure to turn heads no matter where you go.  boatneck 3/4 sleeves back zipper 36 length from shoulder rayon spot clean imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Add some color to your favorite frozen cocktail with these margarita glasses featuring slight imperfections and textures due to the fact they’re individually formed.   unique hand-blown design 8-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
With a stylish pocket and sleeveless comfort, this Levi's tank top is the perfect option for your warm weather adventures. sleeveless chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Men's pants swing into style with premium fabrication.   UPF 15+ stretch fabric moves as you do superior wrinkle recovery stay-smooth technology motion flex closure zip fly 2 front pockets 2 back pockets polyester/spandex washable imported
Enjoy stylish warmth and indoor/outdoor versatility with these polyester micro-suede clogs from Dockers.   polyester micro-suede shell memory foam insole indoor/outdoor rubber sole hand wash, air dry imported 3X(14), 4X(15), 5X(16)
Get organized with our multi-functional wallet with Safe Keeper, a privacy liner that shields your credit cards. multi-functional PVC, with microfiber lining floral splatter print Safe KeeperTM privacy liner snap closure 1 exterior zip coin pocket 13 interior card slots, 2 slip pockets, 2 ID windows, front divider zip pocket and 3 gussets 7.25x4x1.25D imported
With a bold and exciting print, our Alfred Dunner sweater is a statement you want to make.   v-neck short sleeves approx. 24½ length cotton/polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Your name in script sets the stage for a beautiful ring you’ll cherish for years to come. Made in America.Metal: 14K yellow or white gold, 10K yellow or white gold, 14K yellow gold over sterling silver or sterling silverDimensions: 1.7mmPersonalize: Up to 8 script lettersJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our bright colorblock digital watch is both stylish and functional for active everyday wear.   Brand: ADM Sport Twin CitiesDial Color: GrayBezel Color: PurpleStrap: Pink plasticClosure: BuckleMovement: DigitalWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 35mmCase Thickness: 12mmModel No: ADSG 5001 PNKSpecial Features: Alarm, date function   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Own the hallway or the trail with these versatile slip-on walking shoes featuring a memory foam insole and bungee lacing for a comfortable fit and a hint of shimmer with snake-inspired mesh. technology air-cooled memory foam insole for maximum comfort Relaxed Fit® design for a roomier comfortable fit construction textile/synthetic upper flexible EVA traction sole details bungee stretch-laced upper for easy slip-on fit lightweight shock-absorbing midsole soft fabric shoe lining reflective stripes at heel panel for better visibility at night
Add some modern structure to your look with our long vest. collar and lapel sleeveless front pockets adjustable back approx. 29½ length polyester/rayon lining: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Diamond clusters are expertly shaped into the silhouette of three delicate flowers, lending a statement of femininity and beauty that'll last a lifetime. Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silver Stones: 1/7 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Waste less and save more with OXO Good Grips GreenSaver produce container. Three things cause produce to rot and spoil quickly: ethylene gas, improper airflow and uncontrolled humidity. GreenSaver produce keepers address all of these things to keep your produce fresh longer. all-natural, nontoxic activated carbon filters filled with nooks and crannies trap and absorb ethylene gas, slowing down spoilage and keeping fruits and vegetables fresh longer elevated, removable baskets promote proper airflow and help prevent moisture buildup by lifting produce up and away from the bottom and sides of the container top vent slides open and closed to maintain optimum humidity levels for different types of produce basket can also be used as a colander to rinse fruits and veggies before enjoying BPA free 1.6-quart capacity Includes: produce container basket carbon filter Plastic with carbon filter. Measures 7x8x4H. Hand wash. Imported.  
These colorful board shorts from Burnside feature a dobby stretch fabric that lets you move freely, in the water or on the go. stretch fabric relaxed fit self-adhesiveless fly with drawcord side flap pocket with bungee key cord and wax comb/bottle opener flat front 11¼ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Cap sleeves and a darling belted waist make this lace fit-and-flare dress anything but ordinary. crewneck back zip 40¼ length from shoulder lined polyester dry clean only imported
He'll be irresistible sporting this cute camo set. includes hat, creeper, pants and 2 pairs of socks creeper: short sleeves, leg snaps; cotton pants: elastic waist pants, hat, creeper: cotton socks: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
These classic retro rectangle sunglasses bring style to your fandom. gray frame with silver lens includes soft pouch for carrying plastic imported  
Embrace your love for the Lone Star State with this eco-friendly bamboo cutting board that’s perfect for slicing and dicing your favorite fruits, veggies and meats.   made from bamboo, a renewable resource harder and denser than most hardwoods like maple constructed to reduce the risk of warping, stabilizing the board for years of use no artificial dyes or stains Texas-shaped design easy on knife blades Bamboo. Measures 14x13¼. Hand wash. Imported.
Dale Tiffany table lamp is designed with colorful art glass, crystal accents and pebblestones.   hand-rolled, hand-cut art glass bell-shaped shade antique gold sand finish pull chains Resin. Measures 16x27. Shade is 7H. Uses two 60W bulbs, max. Wipe with soft dry cloth. Imported.
Retro styling meets of-the-moment lace for a '70s-inspired look you'll love in our lace sheath dress. 36½ length from shoulder lace nylon/spandex lined hand wash, line dry imported
These elegant curtain panels feature a woven jacquard pattern for a beautiful window upgrade.   rod-pocket styling yarn-dyed fabric for lasting color tiebacks included fabric-lined for an enhanced weight and feel    Measures 98x84L. Panels are sold in pairs; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Valance sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Polyester. Dry clean. Imported.
A subtle scrollwork pattern is bordered by bold curves to give this rug contrasting looks of elegance that liven your room. woven construction durable, easy-care polypropylene crafted in Egypt ¼ pile height; ¾ overall thickness measures 46x28 Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Machine wash, line dry. Origin: Imported
Ruffle trim adds irresistible charm to our ultra-comfy sleeveless nightgown. roundneck sleeveless 36½ long (medium size) 100% cotton washable imported
With an elastic waistband, our lace midi skirt is the perfect blend of comfortable and chic. mid rise slim fit elastic waist 29 length lace nylon/spandex washable imported
Rain or shine, this mens oxford with rugged, plain-toe styling will make you look good.     full-grain leather upper with Stain Defender™ finish so messes wipe off easily leather sock lining cushioned insole rubber sole  
Pulverize even the toughest ingredients with the 900-watt motor and increased capacity of the NutriBullet Pro 900 blender. From fresh turmeric root, blackberry seeds, wheat grass and kale, get creative and easily satisfy your appetite while staying healthy. convenient flip-top lid and to-go cup for on-the-go use one speed setting for ease of use Includes: high-torque power base extractor blade flip-top to-go lid with one colossal cup tall cup with handled lip ring comfort lip ring 32-page pocket nutritionist 160-page recipe book and user manual 900 watts. Plastic/metal. Measures 6.92x11.81x13.97H. Cups are dishwasher safe. Wipe base clean. Imported. 
You'll love this gold-tone necklace and earring set, which features four pairs of dainty stud earrings and a modern necklace with colorful charm. Mix and match each piece to change up your look.   Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Acrylic beads and glass stones Earring Backs: PostNecklace Closure: Lobster clasp Necklace Dimensions: 16 long  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These laser-cut slide sandals boast an elastic heel strap, so you can easily slide into them and be warm weather–ready in no time flat.   synthetic upper ½” heel elastic heel strap rubber sole
Bundled up and happy for the holidays, these snowmen bring festive cheer to any space. printed construction durable polyester 0.05 overall thickness measures 36x22 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: No Rug Backing: Latex Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Imported
Adjustable to fit most wrists, this sterling silver bracelet adds understated sophistication to your wardrobe. Beads graduate to 8mm in the center to add interest and are strung on a classic box chain.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Sterling silver beadsDimensions: 6 ½ to 8 circumference   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our cropped ankle pants have a straight leg and sleek look that you'll love wearing to work or on nights out. ●    hook-and-bar with zip closure●    straight leg●    back pockets●    23 inseam●    cotton/rayon/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Striped and sassy, our boatneck t-shirt adds a little pizzazz with a rhinestone jeweled neckline, giving you the comfort of a t-shirt and a look that’s got panache.  boatneck 3/4 sleeve approx. 24¾  length 100% cotton hand wash, dry flat imported
A true warm-weather delight, our Worthington sleeveless tank top gives your wardrobe a touch of excitement. roundneck 28 length front: rayon back: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Slip into warm, toasty comfort with these flannel-lined mocs. cotton corduroy upper polyester flannel lining thermo plastic rubber sole resists slipping and absorbs shock imported S (8-9), M (10-11), L (12-13)  
The Calhoun men's dress shoes from Stacy Adams� is the base for your next great business look: built from the ground up to be comfortable, stylish, and professional.     leather upper suede lining synthetic/rubber sole
Our heathered Legacy polo is soft in both color and construction for an everyday style that effortlessly pairs with chinos and jeans. flat knit collar 2-button placket short sleeves tennis tail with taped side vents lt. blue: 100% cotton other colors: cotton/polyester washable imported
Embroidered accents give these jeans a fashion-forward look, while the stretch fabric and adjustable elastic waist ensure a flattering fit. adjustable elastic waist zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
If a luxurious bedroom makeover is in order, the Lafayette comforter set will refresh your space with beautiful tufting and a pieced border for added dimension.   tufted design with smooth border in ivory pieced construction adds dimension includes coordinating decorative pillows 7-piece comforter set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop 3 decorative pillows Full and Queen sets include standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams.  Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt. Washable. Polyester pillows with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. Full: comforter is 82x90; decorative pillows are 18x18, 18x12 and 18x6 Queen: comforter is 90x90; decorative pillows are 18x18, 18x12 and 18x6 King: comforter is 104x92; decorative pillows are 18x18, 18x12 and 18x6 Cal. King: comforter is 104x92; decorative pillows are 18x18, 18x12 and 18x6 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
With grown-up style, our wedge sandals make your little one feel very special and stylish.   polyurethane upper Velcro strap thermoplastic rubber sole
A subtle and stylish diminutive Jacquard pattern covers the body of our PGA TOUR performance polo, which features AirFlux ventilation to keep you cool and PGA TOUR dry moisture absorption for maximum performance. PGA TOUR dry moisture absorption Airflux ventilation for ultimate comfort SunFlux protects your skin from harmful rays spread collar short sleeves 3-button placket side vents polyester washable imported
Show everyone where your Star Wars allegiance lies with our Episode 7 Captain Phasma T-shirt. 100% cotton washable imported
These easy-care cargo scrubs feature versatile pockets and straight legs for holding all of your on-the-job essentials. low rise junior fit drawstring waist cargo pockets back pockets straight leg 28 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
This long-sleeve, flannel pajama set brings brushed cotton warmth to your cold-weather nights. includes top and pants washed for extra softness and reduced shrinkage notch collar chest pocket long sleeves elastic waist with drawstring 100% cotton washable imported
Give your wardrobe more color and variety with this signature button-front shirt from Dockers. button-down collar cotton/polyester washable imported
Seiko® solar watch is all about elegant style with a silver-tone bangle bracelet and sparkling CRYSTALLIZED™ - Swarovski® Elements accenting the bezel.   Brand: Seiko® Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Accents: CRYSTALLIZED™ - Swarovski® Elements Bracelet: Silver-tone stainless steel Clasp: Jeweler's clasp Movement: Solar quartz Water Resistance: 165' Case Width: 17.8mm Case Thickness: 6.4mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7 1/2 long, 13mm wide Model No.: SUP083 Special Features: Powered by light sources so it never needs a battery change Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Make a bold statement with the eye-catching red of our placemats, which add color without overpowering the rest of your table.  easy-care fabric set of 6 100% cotton each placemat measures 19x13 washable imported
Our comfy cotton tee features a classic Batman graphic print for a cool, casual look.  crewneck short sleeves regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
The perfect amount of stretch in our basic leggings makes them your go-to pair anytime of day.   29” inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Easygoing and comfortable, our short-sleeve diamond print tee is the perfect pick from work to weekend. crewneck short sleeves 26⅝ length cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Sleek shorts in a fun allover print, polished off with pintuck detail, emits a youthful summer look. pintuck detailing 3½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
true Get the convenience of convection cooking with this over-the-range microwave oven. The convection setting can be chosen when baking or browning is desired. And, it's easy too: just set the controls to the recipe and the oven automatically converts it to proper convection settings. 1.7 cu. ft. capacity 1000 microwave Watts 3-speed, 300-CFM Vortex venting system quickly removes smoke, steam and odors sensor cooking controls automatically adjusts time and power easy-set control dial to adjust time and temperature removable oven rack cooktop lighting with two brightness settings, including night light scrolling 2-line electronic display with clock
These ultra-lightweight sneakers hit the mark when it comes to comfortable all-day casual footwear.construction●    breathable textile/synthetic upper●    durable EVA and rubber outsoledetails●    lace-up closure for secure fit●    side logo accent  
Our cozy St. John's Bay sweater will get you through the chilly season with a smile on your face. scoopneck long sleeves approx. 27¾ length cotton/acrylic/polyester/elastane spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
We've dressed up the tank top with a quaint crochet lace hem. roundneck 23 length cotton/Modal® machine wash, dry flat imported
Sweet revenge is yours in our ultra-sexy Paramour underwire bra adorned in delicate floral embroidery.   underwire leotard back nylon/spandex/polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Meals are made a little more interesting with the fun design of this flatware set featuring wavy lines and a shiny finish.   high-quality stainless steel perfect for everyday use service for 4 20-piece set includes: 4 teaspoons 4 salad forks 4 dinner spoons 4 dinner forks 4 dinner knives Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
This quilt coverlet set is a blend of purple, teal blue and earth tones with coordinating stripes. soft and bold colors for unique style mixture of zig zags and striped patterns polyester; cotton/olefin/polyester/rayon fill polyester decorative pillows; polyester fill washable; spot clean pillows imported 5-piece twin/twin xl set includes: coverlet: 68x90 1 standard sham 3 decorative pillows: 18x18, 16x16, 12x20
What it is:A lightweight, baked powder for face and body with a sophisticated, microfine shimmer that instantly leaves skin with an iridescent shimmer. What it does:Dust on Urban Decay’s Naked Illuminated Shimmering Powder for Face and Body to give you a sexy, just-finished flush. Naked Illuminated powder is first baked on a terra cotta disc for 24 hours, and then it is finished by hand. Baking the powder gives it a high level of just-perfect shimmer, without the metallic look of cheaper formulas. This lightweight, baked powder has a sophisticated microfine shimmer that’s smooth and silky, with light-reflecting particles that leave a luminous, radiant look. Formulated to give the color payoff of a loose powder and the convenience of a pressed powder, this shimmering powder comes in a gorgeous box that makes the perfect gift. It features a generous mirror and a brushhoused in a separate compartment underneath the powder. This smooth, silky powder contains light-reflecting particles that create a luminous, radiant look. Simply brush on this powder wherever you want to create an instant glow.Suggested Usage:-Use this powder to highlight from your cheekbones to your collarbone and beyond.Size:0.2 oz
Love is all around. Embrace that feeling with this red enamel heart ring. Show off your personality by pairing with additional stackable rings. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Other Material: Red enamel Width: 4.5mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our smooth microfiber liner socks offer comfort and cushioning in a convenient no-show profile. package of 6 nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
Perfect for laid-back spaces in need of a little old-world charm, this barstool is structured around a stately back of three parallel wood beams.   sturdy rubberwood construction dark, distressed chestnut finish beige woven seat cushion filled with upholstery foam 360° swivel capability Upholstery is 100% polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Assembly required. Imported. Bar-height barstool: 22Wx23Dx46H with a 30 seat height Counter-height barstool: 22Wx22Dx41H with a 26 seat height
Filigree detail, purple enamel and a textured border bring a rich vibrancy to this oval-shaped necklace and earring set.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Other Material: Enamel Earring Back: Wire Earring Dimensions: ½x1 long Necklace Closure: Lobster clasp Necklace Dimensions: 18 long cord with 2 extender Pendant Size: 1½x2 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Show your support for finding a breast cancer cure with this pink leather strap watch. The dial is adorned with a pink ribbon and a butterfly. Packaged in a box for easy gift giving. Made in America.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Pink leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 38.1mm Case Thickness: 3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 10 long; 16mm wide Model No.: U-1110001 Special Features: Scratch-resistant glass   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Update the sweet look of your little one's room with this quilt set featuring a playful mix of floral, plaid and gingham patterns.   pink, blue and green tones chevron print 2-piece Twin set includes: quilt sham BONUS decorative pillow 3-piece Full/Queen set includes: quilt 2 shams BONUS decorative pillow Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester quilt with cotton fill; polyester shams; polyester decorative pillow with polyester fill. Washable quilt and shams; spot clean decorative pillow. quilt and sham are polyester with cotton/other fibers, Imported. Twin: quilt is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillow is 18x10 Full/Queen: quilt is 86x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillow is 18x10
Go the distance in our zoned cushioned no-show socks, featuring compression for extra arch support and Quick Dri® Fabric to help wick moisture away from skin. mesh for breathability package of 6 cotton/polyester/nylon/LYCRA® washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
She'll shine six days a week in these comfortable metallic-accent socks and you'll love the fact that they come in a 6-pack. polyester/Lurex® metallic/spandex washable imported
Focus on comfort essentials, like these cotton boxers in a range of colors and patterns.   combed cotton all-day comfort preshrunk for lasting fit reinforced durable stitching tag free comfort waistband cotton washable imported
The flutter sleeve on our Liz Claiborne blouse is the perfect addition to the pretty floral print.   roundneck short sleeves approx. 27½ length polyester washable imported
Our Arizona cotton twill shorts provide easy-going softness and tried-and-true durability to get you through the season in comfort. classic fit sits below waist zip fly with button closure front slant pockets front watch pocket back button-through welt pockets 10¼ inseam cotton washable imported
Keep him moving in comfort all day with quality Nike crew socks.   arch support reinforced toe and heel cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
A stylish laundry solution, this chrome folding hamper has two compartments to make sorting laundry a breeze.   x-frame design chrome-plated steel frame integrated fold-over cover keeps contents concealed washable cover frame is rust resistant folds flat for quick and easy storage Polyester/cotton with steel frame. Measures 14¼x14½x28″H. Imported.  
Update your bathroom with this vibrant shower curtain with checkered print and horizontal stripes.   fits most showers vibrant, fresh design shower curtain liner recommended polyester measures 72x72 washable imported
The Studio Arista grommet-top curtain panel will make a dramatic statement in any room.   unlined panel has 8 oil-rubbed bronze grommets 4 header, 3 bottom hem, 1 side hem hang on a decorative rod or pole single panel measures 50 wide Panel is sold individually. Measured overall. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
From the proud French leg design to the one-of-a-kind rubbed finish, this daybed is a flawless balance of warmth and elegance.   hardwood solids, engineered wood and oak veneer construction heavily rubbed finish features detailed panels, detailed brass hardware and shaped, curved legs includes two large full-extension storage drawers accommodates a standard twin mattress (sold separately) Measures 84Wx46Dx45H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.  
Classic elegance with a bit of shine is depicted in this cushion-cut gemstone and diamond-accent ring.Metal: 10K white goldStone: 10x10mm cushion-cut genuine peridotOther Stones: 2.5x2.5mm round lab-created white sapphiresOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: Prong and pavéDimensions: 17.8x10.1mmGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Beauty sleep is easy with these pink pajamas fit for a princess. tight fit ribbed crewneck printed glitter motif elastic-waist pants cotton washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Featuring a tall, stemmed design, these glasses are perfect for all types of your favorite iced beverages. each has a 20-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Designed with old English charm, our Jacobean pillow sham makes the most of your bedroom makeover.   horizontal stripes in soothing shades of green, blue, coral and ivory   coordinating vertical striped pattern on back   Sold individually. Cotton. Washable. Imported.   Standard sham: 20x26 King sham: 20x36
Twist the night away with this watch that blends a twinkling crystal-accent bezel with a chic chain-link-style stretch strap.   Brand: TKO ORLOGI Dial Color: Blue Accents: Crystals on bezel Strap: Blue silicone Movement: Quartz Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 18mm wide Model No.: TK640RBL Special Features: Mineral crystal   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Support your little one whether she's running and playing or participating in her favorite sporting activities.   construction leather/mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up lightweight, breathable mesh upper with contrast welding details for structure EVA injected midsole provides lightweight cushioning minimal rubber outsole with multi-tread design provide traction
From Arnold to Ren & Stimpy, the Nickelodeon gang’s always here whenever you’re wearing this laidback heathered tee with soft-touch graphic. crewneck short sleeves polyester/cotton washable imported
Make the most of your workouts with gear that is stretchy and comfortable, like our printed no-side-seam capris. fitted style elastic and drawcord closure inside pocket 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
With sharp looks and durability, this jacket from Asics delivers a great casual style while providing a light protection from the elements. mockneck front zip long sleeves exterior zip pocket mesh lining polyester washable imported
With our adorable Disney Rapunzel nightshirt your little one can take her favorite character to bed for wonderful nighttime adventures. flower at neckline princess sleeve with ruffle bottom ruffle polyester washable imported
Put some bold color in your decor with this tapestry-pattern rectangular rug. The Union Jack design has clean lines and vibrant tones that will stand out in any room. tapestry pattern machine tufted cotton/polyester latex backing crafted in India .25 pile height; .19 overall thickness measures 19x27      Stain Resistant: No      Fade Resistant: No      Slip Resistant: Yes      Fire Retardant: No      Rug Pad Recommended: Yes      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Washable      Origin: Imported
These carefree pants have a lot of thoughtful features, like an expandable stretch waistband for all-day comfort, and no-iron fabric with stain repel. Your only worry is what shirt to wear with them.   no iron, no stains, no worries invisible flex waistband relaxed fit, loose thigh zip fly with button closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back pockets straight leg polyester/cotton washable imported
A punch of paisley lends timeless sophistication to this dapper silk tie from Stafford. 3¼ wide; 56 long 100% silk dry clean only imported
Give your bust just the boost it needs to reach perfection in our luxurious pushup bra by Ambrielle Everyday.   nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported  
Our passcase wallet from Dockers has multiple card slots, an ID window and a sleek design that's perfect for everyday use. 7 card slots 1 ID window 2 slip pockets 1 currency compartment 5.3x5x1.4H polyurethane/leather wipe clean imported
Stay warm, stylish and connected with these SmarTouch gloves, featuring a Berber fleece spill and THERMAflex lining. Patent-pending construction gives these gloves exceptional performance, allowing for pinpoint accuracy, so you can text and browse with ease and accuracy. THERMAflex™ lining offers warmth and superior flexibility                                                                    polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
A cognac finish and antique mirrored drawers pair well for a contemporary look to this jewelry armoire. mirror under lift-top lid magnetic spring side doors with double rows of necklace hooks six storage drawers silver-tone knobs 18x10x42H solid wood/veneer/MDF with felt lining imported
Our T-shirt-approved Flirtitude bra boasts a sleek silhouette and demi style that’s just right for most necklines. The J-hook on the straps instantly transforms your bra to a racerback to fit your ever-changing wardrobe. lightly padded demi neckline extra soft straps for comfort convertible back strap fastener for 2-in-1 look smooth contrast cup linings for a flirty feel underwire cups with feminine trim that lays flat for a smooth look 2-row hook-and-eye closure with 3 adjustments for longer wear underwire cotton/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our shorts feature a smocked waist with lace details along the bottom hem for an ultra-femme look. smocked waist lace details 4¼ inseam with lace body: rayon lace: 100% cotton machine wash, line dry imported
A colorful print, halterneck with pleats and belted waist make our dress a must-have for your warm-weather capsule wardrobe.●    halterneck●    sleeveless●    button on back●    belted waist●    33½ length●    polyester●    machine wash, line dry●    imported  
Comfortable Arizona trunks in a rugged camo print are sure to make a splash in and out of the water. elastic waist with faux drawstring back pocket with self-adhesive flap mesh liner polyester washable imported
Take the beach by storm with our eye-catching Arizona bikini top. adjustable strap push up nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
How about a bouquet of flowers for your floor? These indoor/outdoor rugs offer a burst of freshness for your favorite seating area.   space-dyed fibers mold and mildew resistant hand-hooked construction highly durable polyester ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton/latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: No Care Instructions: Rinse off with hose Use: Indoor or outdoor Origin: Imported  
Ribbon-and-bow detail adds a feminine touch to your basic poplin blouse.   short sleeves polyester/cotton washable imported
Flanged pillow sham with side button closure coordinates with the WrinkleGuard bedding ensemble.    Diamond-quilted front reverses to solid. 400 thread-count cotton sateen. Washable. Imported. Sold individually.   Standard sham: 21x27 King sham: 21x37   
Make the bed of your dreams with our luxurious 600 thread-count Egyptian cotton sateen sheets. The longer fibers of Egyptian cotton create a stronger and more durable fabric that gets softer with each wash. ultra-soft, 600 thread-count Egyptian cotton sateen True Grip fit helps hold the sheet in place European closure on pillowcases ensures your entire pillow is covered fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 17 deep Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Full and Queen sets include two standard pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets include two king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases are sold separately. Cotton. Washable. Imported. Full: flat sheet is 85x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 32x21 Queen: flat sheet is 94x108; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 32x21 King: flat sheet is 112x108; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 40x21 Cal. King: flat sheet is 112x108; fitted sheet is 72x84; pillowcases are 40x21
Prepare for a glamorous entrance with our gorgeous keyhole-neck, banded-waist maxi dress. halterneck sleeveless back button closure 54½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Comfortable Arizona trunks in a patriotic Americana print are sure to make a splash in and out of the water. elastic waist with faux drawstring UPF 50 side pockets with self-adhesive flap full mesh lined brief polyester washable imported
Heathered, blended-fabric tee from adidas offers casual comfort and iconic style. crewneck polyester/cotton washable imported
Sleek meets elegant in our figure-friendly sleeveless belted sheath dress, making it perfect for the office or for a night out. boatneck back zip 37½ length from shoulder lined polyester/spandex dry clean only imported
Whether you're playing hoops or just love the look, our Xersion side print basketball shorts are a popular look and feel for you.   drawstring and elastic waistband printed sides regular fit 12 inseam polyester washable imported
The classic styling and soft slub fabric of our v-neck T-shirt will make it one of the most versatile pieces in your closet. v-neck short sleeves center back seam relaxed fit, cut generously through the body misses: approx. 28 length petites: approx 26 length 100% cotton washable imported
This quilt set features a diamond print in coordinating soft colors highlighted by bright coral for a unique look that reverses to more muted tones when you're in the mood. Southwest-inspired print in shades of sunset coral, stone and sand reverses to allover diamond print stone-colored trim quilt design is printed rather than pieced together, offering a similar look paired with great value 2-piece Twin sets include: quilt sham 3-piece Full/Queen and King sets include: quilt 2 shams Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King sets include king shams. Cotton quilt with polyester fill; cotton sham(s). Washable. Imported. Twin: quilt is 68x86; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: quilt is 90x90; shams are 26x20 King: quilt is 108x90; shams are 36x20
These suit pants bring your look up to speed with a versatile birdseye pattern that looks great at the office and after. only at JCPenney classic fit 2 front pockets 2 back pockets flat front partially lined straight leg hemmed wool/polyester dry clean only imported
This comfy 3-piece pajama set is pure genius with 3 mix-match pieces so there’s always a pair ready for bedtime. includes long-sleeve top, pants and shorts top: ribbed cuffs, screen print graphic; 100% cotton bottoms: no-pinch elastic waist with mock drawstring; polyester washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Our stunning sterling silver bracelet is adorned with seven round sapphires and 28 cubic zirconia stones to make an eye-catching piece that she will love. Metal: Sterling silver; silver plated; rhodium plated Stones: 6mm round lab-created pink sapphire stones Other Stones: 3mm round cubic zirconia stones Gallery Height: 20x11mm Dimensions: 7.5 chainJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
When you need a multifunctional top, our short-sleeve v-neck melange tee offers comfort for all-day casual wear and measures up during workouts too. Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry stretch fabric for freedom of movement UV protection from harmful rays jersey knit polyester washable imported
Handle half-pipes with skill in our low-profile skate shoes that keep up with your daily grind. technology Adiwear™ outsole gives ultimate durability construction flecked denim/synthetic upper non-marking rubber sole details lace up quilted tongue
Brand: Disney CollectionDial Color: WhiteStrap: Purple plasticClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 30mCase Width: 32mmCase Thickness: 9mmBracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long; 16mm wideModel No.: W002985Special Features: Dial features Elsa and Anna, 3D strap   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Mini dot, big look. Our Stafford bow tie pops with an accent that's sure to be the highlight of your formal attire. pre-tied polyester dry clean imported
Give complete, coordinated glamour with this pear-shaped genuine peridot necklace, bracelet, earrings and ring boxed set.   Metal: Sterling silver-plated brass Stones: Genuine oval peridots, 9x6mm and 7x5mm Other Stones: Cubic zirconia Setting: Prong Necklace Length: 18 box chain Necklace Closure: Spring-ring Bracelet Length: 7.5 Bracelet Closure: Push lock Earring Back: Friction Gemstones may be treated and may require special care; size is approximate. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Ideal for people who prefer a firmer sleeping environment, but still appreciate a touch of cushioning, this mattress is the perfect combination of comfort and support.   667 Stability™ innerspring system 2 WonderSoft™ layer provides ultimate softness SuperSoft SealyFoam® layer adds superior softness Gel OrthoZone® II foam promotes a cool sleeping environment ½ memory foam layer conforms to your body for support and comfort FlameGuard™ fiber features fire-resistant technology SolidEdge™ HD system gives you a stable seating edge Cover is fabric. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Includes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring option also available. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x75x11½H; 405 coil count Twin XL: 38x80x11½H; 420 coil count Full: 54x75x11½H; 567 coil count Queen: 60x80x11½H; 667 coil count King: 76x80x11½H; 841 coil count Cal. King: 72x84x11½H; 868 coil count
Give your wardrobe a fresh lift with our slingback sandals. With wide straps and a cork platform, they complete just about any outfit. construction leather upper rubber sole for all-day comfort details 2¾ heel adjustable hook-and-loop closure EVA cushioned footbed
Russian-inspired style comes to life in this dazzling wool shag rug that features an enthralling damask pattern, rendered in deeply dramatic hues. power-loomed construction durable wool crafted in Turkey ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean. Vacuum regularly without beater bar. Professional cleaning recommended. Origin: Imported It's perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep it under control until the rug has been seasoned and no longer sheds.
Aqua stones create a truly unique look on this silver-tone four-strand necklace, while coordinating cluster drop earrings complete the look. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Aqua stonesEarring Back: WireEarring Dimensions: .75x1.5Necklace Closure: Lobster claspNecklace Dimensions: 18 long chainJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Ask your close friend or family member to be your matron of honor the most unique and personalized way with this beautiful, extra-large wine glass. spacious 25-oz. glass holds an entire bottle of wine engraved with Will You Be My Matron of Honor? free personalization for a customizable gift oversized bowl top 4.25x4.25x9H hand-blown glass hand wash imported Engraving Options: May be engraved with a name (max. 12 characters) and a date (max. 8 characters) at no additional cost.Note: Minor bubbles and swirls are inherent to hand-blown glass. Variations may occur on styles due to their hand-crafted nature.
Pull on our stylish, fringed wrap and you will be poised and ready for the day. 32x34 rayon/cotton/metallic  hand wash, dry flat imported
Bring stylish, all-cotton comfort to bed with our short-sleeve tee and woven pajama pants from Stafford—the perfect match for transitional seasonal weather.     regular fit v-neck elastic waist with drawstring button fly side-seam pockets cotton washable imported
Our sleeveless fit-and-flare dress has a party-perfect fit that is a real clothing confidence booster, no matter what the occasion. boatneck with detail sleeveless approx. 40½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
A slouchy upper adds style to our sophisticated microsuede riding boots. microsuede upper 19½ shaft height 16 shaft circumference pull-on entry round toe soft knit lining slightly padded footbed textured rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
Durable and functional, this sleek and striking black-granite-top portable kitchen island is the perfect way to give your kitchen the modern makeover it needs. MDF, veneer and granite construction 1 drawer cabinet for extra storage 28.25x18x33H assembly required imported
These men's Bulwark jeans get the job done with plenty of pockets, a comfortable loose fit and quality stitching that really holds up. loose fit two-needle contrast stitching one-piece waistband sits at waist flat front zip-fly closure with metal button 5 pockets with watch pocket wide leg 100% cotton washable imported
Carry everything you need for your next trip with this luggage featuring multiple handles for convenient carrying and a durable design that stands the test of time. 4 spinner wheels top extendable handle and carry handle for easy travel 2 front pockets interior mesh pocket and tie-down straps durable polyester spot clean 30.5x17.5x10H imported
Go glam in these generously sized sunglasses with chic side details. UV protection metal frames WARNING: This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.
With a bold and exciting floral print, our Alfred Dunner sweater is a statement you want to make.   crewneck short sleeves approx. 24½ length 100% cotton hand wash, dry flat imported
Stay cool and comfortable even when enduring a tough workout with our mesh v-neck tank top.  v-neck 28½-29¾ length polyester washable importe
  Like a rhinestone cowgirl…you’ll love the laid-back look of these fashion western boots featuring decorative stitching, a rounded toe and a standard cowboy-boot heel.   leather/synthetic upper western-style heel 11” shaft height decorative stitching on shaft round toe cushioned insole composition rubber sole
These slip-on leather dress shoes are contemporary and stylish—perfect for the modern, urban-chic man.   leather upper slip on EVA sockliner with comfort gel heel insert rubber sole
Head to the beach with confidence in our flattering black-and-white print knit swimdress. soft cups partially lined nylon/LYCRA® spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Step up to a new level of luxury with our pearlized soap dispenser.    modern colors give you exciting options  ceramic with pearlized stripe detail  can be used for liquid soap or lotion   Ceramic. Measures 3x3x8H. Wipe clean. Imported.
Captain America’s iconic shield gets the marbled treatment on this comfy cotton tee—a must-have for fans of the super solider. crewneck short sleeves cotton washable imported
Our woven top from Alyx is cute and simple, with a tie-front for fun detail. 3/4 sleeves rayon/polyester yoke: 100% cotton hand wash, line dry imported
Enjoy the comfort of a modern fit and wide waistband with our dressy-casual pants from Worthington. zip fly slim leg modern fit 2 front pockets 2 faux back pockets 24½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Inject some blossoming beauty into your outfit with this floral loop scarf. 30x36 polyester dry clean imported
From camping to commuting, this rugged, two-tone canvas backpack lets you carry your essentials comfortably and boasts lots of pockets to keep you organized. top grab handle, 4½ drop drawstring and magnetic snap closure 2 adjustable backpack straps cotton/leather contrasting leather straps 2 exterior pockets and front pocket 2 multimedia interior pockets and zip pocket 14½(H) x 14(W) x 6½(D) imported 
Keep your bra straps from showing with our Strap-Mate bra strap converter from Fashion Forms. pkg. of 2 includes one nude and one white attach to both bra straps in back and adjust to convert to racerback can be worn in front to prevent bra straps from falling down nylon hand wash, dry flat imported
Comfortable, versatile and easy to wear, these screen-printed surf shorts will fit seamlessly into your little one's warm-weather wardrobe. covered elastic waistband with drawstring 100% cotton washable imported
He will love adding color to his style for all of his playtime adventures with these pants from OshKosh B'Gosh. adjustable waist zipper fly with button closure chambray lining at waistband  100% cotton washable imported
When you head to the great outdoors to entertain, make sure to be ready with all the essentials like our durable melamine core bowl. holds 20.28-oz.; 3.875x2H 100% melamine dishwasher safe - top rack only imported
Make sure that for your night to remember your look is memorable with this sharp tie and pocket square set.   fully lined tie with double bar tacking tie is 3 wide polyester dry clean imported    
Playtex® 18 Hour® active sports bra is designed to stay in place with even more comfort features.   seamless for a smooth line under clothing wirefree padded stay-put straps moisture-wicking fabric from cup to band polyester/nylon hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #4159
A pretty red handkerchief print gives this scarf a western vibe.   polyester 40x76 long washable imported
Our sandals have an exciting print and laser-cut details on the strap for an effortless warm-weather look.  plastic upper laser-cut details open toe EVA sole
Put him on the fast track to sporty style in a soft, fleece jacket from Xersion.   crewneck polyester washable imported
Menswear-inspired plaid bucket hat features an attention-grabbing buckle band. polyester spot clean imported
Featuring a ton of color options and moisture-wicking fabric, this sleeveless tee is the best way to step up your game on the hardwood.   Dri-FIT moisture-wicking technology  tagless, rounded collar crewneck sleeveless small embroidered logo on right chest polyester/cotton washable imported
Whether you're on a skateboard or just searching for a contemporary casual look, our Vans skate shoes keep your style suave.   canvas upper lace up padded collar double stitched for durability vulcanized rubber sole
With a subtle poinsettia pattern over a textured background, these placemats are an easy way to infuse your table setting with holiday spirit. easy-care fabric coordinating tablecloth and napkins sold separately set of 4 Polyester/cotton. Each measures 13x19. Washable. Imported.
Sublimated tank puts on a bold, patriotic display in a mesh style that’s plenty cool when the sun comes out. sleeveless polyester washable imported
The retro styling and bootcut of these comfy Wranglers just might make them your new go-to jeans. slim fit straight leg 5-pocket styling 100% cotton washable imported    
Turn your little one's room into a space that's all their own with this bedroom set featuring a clean design and bright finish.  solid wood headboard, dresser and nightstand; wood/glass mirror butt joints for durability nightstand features a single storage drawer and a large open storage area 4-pc. set includes: headboard dresser large mirror nightstand   Assembly required; Allen wrench needed. Imported. Headboard: 42Wx2Dx41H Dresser: 42Wx18Dx34H Mirror: 26Wx2Dx36H Nightstand: 20Wx14Dx22H
Your little one will be comfy and stylish when she's spending the day in this sweet creeper by Carter's. character appliqué flutter sleeves snap-front design nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel cinched cuffs 100% cotton washable imported
A hard day's work needs a tough pair of pants and Dickie's delivers with these sturdy work pants. straight leg flat front 4-pocket styling midrise polyester/cotton washable imported
Creating a stylish focal point with distinctive upholstery and beautiful turned legs, this chair and ottoman are a welcome addition to your home. wood and MDF frame dark brown finish cushions filled with upholstery foam Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Assembly required. Made in America. Chair: 27Wx29Dx34H with a 17 seat height, 22 seat depth and 17 seat back height Ottoman: 22Wx18Dx17H
Simply gorgeous. A trillion-cut genuine tanzanite appears to be floating in between curved sterling silver sides. Diamond accents sparkle off to one side.  Metal: Sterling silverStones: Trillion-cut genuine tanzanite Other Stones: Diamond accents   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our embellished demi bra offers the perfect fit with everyday comfort and a smooth look. front adjusting convertible straps with no slip technology and stay-put sides lightly lined cups underwire support super-soft fabric with beautiful lace details nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #DM7958  
The perfect blend of fun and flirty, our crochet fringe top is the perfect addition for your chic wardrobe. roundneck elbow sleeves approx. 31length with fringe acrylic/polyester washable imported
Brand: TW Steel Dial Color: Black Strap: Brown leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 45mm Case Thickness: 12mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 22mm wide Model No.: CS31 Special Features: Date function  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Get the coverage you need for your workouts with these compression pants from Xersion. elastic waistband slim compression fit polyester/spandex washable imported
Featuring pork-chop pockets and a darling floral print, these Carter's shorts will be a staple of her warm-weather wardrobe. covered elastic waistband with drawstring pre-washed for softness 100% cotton washable imported
He'll be the a terror on the gridiron with our comfortable Nike cotton tee.  crewneck short sleeves graphic front 100% cotton washable imported
Update your table's décor with our tablecloth, featuring a red plaid print, wrinkle-resistant fabric and a versatile design that makes it perfect for indoor or outdoor use. red plaid print coordinating placemats and napkins sold separately 100% cotton washable imported  
Stay cool and beat the heat in our Arizona cold shoulder cover-up with spaghetti straps and fun print. scoopneck cold-shoulder approx. 33 length polyester washable made in America
Switch colors to match the style, and always look great, with this stitched dress belt from Dockers.   reverses from black to tan nickel buckle with wing and anchor etching 1.38 wide bonded leather/polyurethane spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Our button-front shirt from PGA TOUR is sharp and stylish, made from all-cotton, making it a comfortable fit for the course or home. button-down point collar long sleeves left check patch pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Add fresh, bright style to your window with this pretty valance featuring a paisley trim. tailored look with paisley accents 3 rod pocket lined for an enhanced weight and feel cotton with polyester/cotton lining sold individually washable 80x16L imported
A comfortable seating solution for people of all ages, this beanbag is a great addition to any entertainment space or family room. double-stitched design child-safe zipper 350-pound weight capacity vinyl cover small (84), medium (105), large (128) and extra-large (140) beanbags are round filled with polystyrene beads made in America
This playful crossbody bag takes a classic shape and updates it with a chic perforated pattern.   adjustable strap, 21 drop magnetic snap closure synthetic gold-tone accents 2 interior zip pockets and 2 slip pockets 8x10½x2(D) imported
Our sleeveless A-line dress comes complete with a necklace and is sure to become a go-to look. 38 length from shoulder button back lined polyester machine wash, line dry imported
A classic denim work shirt that's high on quality and low on price.     dyed to match Dickies twill pants and shirts relaxed fit lined 2-piece button-down collar button front left chest pocket box-pleat back double-button cuffs 8 oz. cotton denim washable imported of domestic fabric more sizes: regular, big, tall
Split shanks and a tiered halo culminate at the crowning glory—an oval genuine amethyst. She's sure to feel like royalty when she wears this ring. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stone: 8x6mm oval genuine amethyst Other Stones: 1.25-1.5mm round lab-created white sapphires Setting: Prong Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Performance-laden and good-looking, our PGA TOUR shorts feature SunFlux UV protection and PGA TOUR dry moisture absorption to keep you on your game. PGA TOUR dry moisture absorption SunFlux protects your skin from the sun's harmful rays button fly with expandable waist straight leg midrise regular fit 10 inseam polyester washable imported
Make an artistic impression with these durable, woven indoor/outdoor rugs, featuring multicolor, circular medallions in a blend of warm and cool neutrals. Their lively pattern will freshen up your patio, hallway or foyer, making your home much more inviting.   mold and mildew resistant easy-care fibers flat-weave design for a low profile heat set for long-lasting colors machine-made construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Egypt 0.156 pile height; 0.25 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Polypropylene Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad recommended to improve skid resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor/outdoor  Care Instructions: Spot clean Origin: Imported  
He can take Disney adventures with him everywhere he goes with this 3-piece set that is the perfect compromise for any fussy dresser. includes polo shirt, vest and flat-front pants vest: v-neck with button front pants: button with elastic back 100% cotton washable imported
This full-figure wireless bra from Vanity Fair is made from an innovative, heat-diffusing Win Cool fabric that feels breathable and light for amazing all-day comfort. The cups contour to the body for a beautiful rounded shape and the double-lined, silky soft fabric wraps around the back for all-day support and a luxuriously cool feel. adjustable straps full figure lined wireless tagless nylon/polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
All-occasion dress pants keep you looking sharp with a wrinkle-resistant fabric that drapes just right.   classic fit flat front polyester washable imported
  With moisture-wicking fabric, durability and shock absorption, these socks go the extra mile so that you can too.     dri-FIT® moisture technology wicking keeps feet cool and dry maximum breathability cushioned footbed for comfort arch compression for perfected fit reinforced heel & toe for durability sock size 13-15 fit shoe size 12-15 cotton/nylon/polyester/spandex washable imported
With casual simplicity, our a.n.a® layered-look top gives you a modern look with the appearance of two shirts. scoopneck long sleeves approx. 20½ length body: viscose/spandex woven: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported  
She will love dressing up for any formal occasion with this polka dot dress. sleeveless rounded neckline polyester washable imported
Not just for special occasions, these 1 ct. t.w. diamond hoop earrings in 10K white gold will light up boardroom and everyday looks as well.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round and baguette diamonds Back: Hinged Dimensions: 4.35x28mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Be ready for an active day outside with our comfortable, loose-fitting cargo shorts—featuring stretched fabric for the ultimate relaxed feel.●    zip fly●    flat front●    6 pockets●    cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
The lace trim looks great on the bodice of our pullover maxi dress, with an eye-catching tribal print chiffon skirt.  squareneck sleeveless bodice: polyester/rayon/spandex skirt: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Vanity Fair high-waistbriefs are seamless for a completely smooth silhouette under your clothes.   seamless tagless nylon washable imported manufacturer’s # 13083
Our basic crewneck tee from Arizona is washed for extra softness, resulting in a colorful shirt that’s incredibly comfortable from the first wear. washed for softness crewneck tag-free neck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Stay cool and comfortable all night long in this sleeveless nightgown with a pretty ruffle trim. round neck sleeveless 48ʺ long 100% cotton washable imported
Step out in the latest trend with these faux-suede booties from Journee Collection, boasting an open back heel design and chunky stacked heel. faux suede upper 3½ stacked chunky heel 5½ shaft height 9 shaft circumference round toe open back heel synthetic upper Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Wear our open linen vest to add some cool factor to your favorite jeans, tees, dresses and skirts. collar and lapel 26 length linen/rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Beautifully display your February birthstone with these genuine purple amethyst drop earrings set in 14K yellow gold.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 4mm round heat-treated genuine purple amethyst Back: Leverback   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our mesh shorts feature moisture-wicking fabric and side vents to keep you cool and dry while you work out. elastic waist with inside drawstring straight leg relaxed fit mid rise 7 ½ inseam washable polyester imported
These wedge sandals feature a fun and flirty design with patent details for a standout look that accents your favorite outfits. synthetic/textile upper 4⅛ wedge heel fun fabric overlay design rubber sole
Get your little monkey ready and swinging through the trees in no time with this comfy, cotton bodysuit featuring fun monkey graphics. includes long-sleeve bodysuit, short-sleeve bodysuit and pants bodysuits: embroidered slogan, expandable shoulders and nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel pants: character appliqué and no-pinch elastic waist 100% cotton washable imported
This versatile bookcase features slatted shelves and a unique design that’s easy to set up, move and store.   solid wood construction glazed finish 5 spacious storage shelves foldable for easy storage and transport Measures 23Wx12Dx60H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Keep warm with this luxurious throw that replicates the softness, warmth and luxury of real fur. re-creates the look of real fur without hurting animals cold-weather warmth solution reusable wooden hanger included measures 50x60 Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Featuring a laser-cut floral motif that reflects beautifully through its glass top, this dining table is a gorgeous addition to any home. sturdy metal base with a glass top gray-finished metal with brown highlighting Measures 48 in diameter; 30H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Allen wrench needed. Imported.
Spice up your wardrobe with our fun printed leggings to add to a little pop and excitement under your favorite dress or tunic   wide waistband 25½ inseam cotton/elastane jersey knit washable imported
This ultra-soft t-shirt from Hanes features cotton construction and a tagless design for superior comfort. package includes 4 tees + 1 bonus tee while supplies last TAGLESS® crewneck with stay flat collar keeps it shape wash after wash short sleeves generous length for a stay-tucked hem ComfortSoft® cotton fabric for superior softness preshrunk cotton for a lasting fit 100% cotton washable imported 
With our Sofia the First umbrella by her side, she'll be ready for rainy weather. j-hook handle loop and tab closure height 23 width 3 suggested age 3 years and up nylon wipe clean imported
A striking genuine oval blue sapphire makes an impressive statement on this 14k yellow gold ring.    Metal: 14K yellow gold Stone: 6x4mm oval heat-treated genuine blue sapphire   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Accessorize with this white and gold-tone necklace that is designed for simple elegance. Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: White epoxy stones Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 16 snake chain with 3' extender Pendant size: 1.12x1.12 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Sleek, ultra-modern 2-slice toaster has all the features you need to toast bread just the way you like it.   unique design of brushed and chrome stainless steel with blue LED indicators separate bagel, reheat, defrost and cancel buttons adjustable 6-level browning dial – select barely toasted all the way to dark and crispy extra-wide slots accommodate various bread sizes high-lift carriage allows easy removal of small breads removable crumb tray for easy cleanup 1050 watts. Metal. Measures 8.5x8.6x13.2H. Wipe clean. Imported.
Knock out more reps and laps in a lightweight muscle shirt with much-appreciated moisture-wicking technology.   crewneck moisture-wicking Vapor Technology lightweight polyester washable imported
Stay cute and cozy everywhere you go with our easy-to-layer leggings. Climatesmart technology wicks moisture away from the skin, making it the optimal choice for less than optimal weather. polyester washable imported
Our pro caddie enhances your practice routine by streamlining your swinging process. unique, patented design conveniently feeds one ball at a time with a simple tap of your club collects and holds 35 balls plastic 3.1x2.9x30.4H wipe clean imported
These handsome IZOD pants create the perfect polished look when paired up with a matching shirt, vest or jacket. flat front zip front with hook-and-eye closure 2 side pockets and back pockets polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Throw on our seamed graphic sweatshirt for comfortable coverage before, during and after workouts. approx. 27⅝ - 29⅛ front length French terry cotton/polyester washable imported
Our Liz Claiborne one-piece swimsuit is packed with excitement with side cutouts, an embellished bustline and bold print. removable, straps embellished bustline removable, built-in bra side cutouts lined nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
Let her show off her American pride in this decorated sleeveless top and matching shorts set.   includes sleeveless top and shorts squareneck back button top bodice and shorts: cotton/polyester/spandex top skirt: cotton/spandex ruffles: polyester/cotton lining: polyester washable imported
This handsomely upholstered sofa perfectly exhibits long-lasting comfort with its gel memory foam-infused seat cushions, high number of pocketed coils and weltless design. durable computer-cut hardwood and plywood frame glued-and-stapled joinery 8-gauge, no-sag sinuous spring system seat cushions filled with high-density upholstery foam and a gel memory foam pad insert; back cushions filled with blown Dacron® fiber back cushions are attached to sofa; seat cushions are removable includes 2 accent pillows Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 88Wx38Dx38H with a 21 seat height, 21 seat depth and 17 seat back height. Made in America.
Some extra bling makes your day more dazzling. mid rise 2½ inseam cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Our camo print short-sleeve tee will be his top choice for all things active. crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
Our Nike Visi Pro basketball shoes blend on-court performance with off-court style to make you the ultimate player. technology full-length Phylon midsole encompassing a Nike Air bag provides impact protection heel Air Sole unit construction synthetic leather upper for maximum durability rubber sole details lace up dynamic flex grooves for superior flexibility multi-direction herringbone pattern for great heel-to-toe and side-to-side motion  
Bakers of all ages will love transporting decorated cakes and other delicious baked goods in the retro-inspired Cake Boss metal cake carrier with a Mini Cakes motif. The cake carrier is spacious enough for a standard 9 two-layer round cake, cheesecake, pie or other dessert, and the lid latches tightly on both sides of the base to protect delicious desserts while they’re in transit and keep tempted fingers away!   constructed of durable, tin-plated steel exterior surfaces are protectively coated for rust-resistance and a touch of retro style lid locks on both sides of the base to enable transport and protect the appearance of decorated desserts sturdy plastic handle on the lid makes carrying even easier Tin-plated steel/plastic. Hand wash. Imported.  
Show more color in blended comfort with this heathered tee with melted Star Wars logo. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Snap flaps stow your on-the-go essentials in these laidback shorts with stylish, below-the-knee length.    regular fit sits below the waist front slant pockets side cargo pockets with snap arcuate flaps back pockets with snap arcuate flaps 11½ inseam cotton/polyester washable imported
Display your precious moments with ease in this stunning frame highlighted by elegant jewels. holds one 4x6 photo easel on back stands vertically or horizontally metal/glass/paper 5.8x6H imported
These chair cushions are incredibly soft and extremely comfortable and will rejuvenate the look and feel of your chairs.   Gripper® chair cushions have a special backing that helps eliminate the need for ties Spill Guard® liquid-resistant fabric protection helps maximize the life of the pad wide range of colors to complement your décor Polyester with polyester fill and latex/polyester backing. Package of 2; each measures 15Wx15Dx3H. Spot clean. Made in America.
Cordless cellular shade adds stylish privacy to any room.   energy-efficient, stacked honeycomb design traps pockets of air resisting the transfer of heat and cold, giving you more control over your heating and cooling costs raises and lowers without the use of a pull cord – great for households with small children or pets to raise or lower, just hold the bottom rail and position the shade exactly where you want semi-sheer material filters light while providing privacy can be mounted inside or outside of window frame Inside or outside mount. Window opening must be at least 1¾D for inside mount, 2¼D for flush inside mount. Hardware and instructions included; some household tools required. Polyester. Vacuum or spot clean. Imported.    
Our striped polo is perfect for an outdoor day on-the-go, with moisture-wicking technology to keep you dry. Omni-Wick moisture-wicking fabric collar 3-button placket short sleeves polyester washable imported
What it is:This Lip Pencil glides on smoothly, stays creamy, and keeps lipstick, gloss, and stains from feathering out of bounds. What it does:Just like Urban Decay's 24/7 Glide-On Eye Pencils, their Lip Pencils are guaranteed to last. They also contain jojoba oil, vitamin E, and cottonseed oil to nourish the skin and provide a smooth application. Go ahead and have another sip of your cocktail—the formula is waterproof, but never feels dry or cakey. It's the perfect complement to Urban Decay lipsticks, stains, and glosses.What else you need to know:This ultimate Lip Pencil is available in multiple shades—Ozone (clear shade) can be used outside the lip line to prevent feathering, or on the lips to keep gloss in place.Size:0.04 oz
Keeping it basic, this finely crafted watch is all you need to accompany your easygoing lifestyle. A clean dial is adorned Arabic numerals, a date window and an outer track for marking minute, all powered by legendary Swiss movement. Brand: Peugeot Dial Color: Gold-tone Strap: Two-tone stainless steel Clasp: Foldover Movement: Swiss Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 36mm Case Thickness: 12mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 20mm wide Model No.: PS4911TT Special Features: Date display Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Cool colorblocking, a spunky graphic and soft raglan sleeves make this short-sleeve tee the perfect addition to any casual lineup. crewneck short sleeves gray: cotton/polyester other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
Elevate your style with this floral kimono, which features fringe details that bring lovely movement to your look.   polyester machine wash imported
This decorative pillow will add a finishing touch to your bedroom, couch or entryway bench. coral decorative pillow 18x18 100% cotton; polyester fill spot clean imported
Our dress features embellished floral details with trim around the armholes and neck for a super-cute look. roundneck sleeveless embellished mesh floral details polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Shave legs, underarms and bikini line easily with the Conair Ladies dual foil wet/dry rechargeable shaver. works wet or dry twin independent cutters and foils full-width trimmers (one pops up for bikini-line trimming) charging stand charging indicator light cleaning brush Plastic housing. Measures 4½x3½x6½H. Wipe clean. Imported.  
The gold-polished trim on this Kraftware Ice Bucket adds a sophisticated feel to your most elegant cocktail hours.   tough metal construction bale handle for easy transport 3-quart capacity Metal/vinyl. Measures 10¾” in diameter. Hand wash. Made in America.  
Educate and entertain in this Fifth Sun™ cotton tee featuring a Tie Fighter schematic design. big and tall fit crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Set in sterling silver with grooved detailing, this men’s ring brings the bling with ⅜ ct. t.w. white and color-enhanced black diamonds. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: ⅜ ct. t.w. white and color-enhanced black round diamonds Setting: Pavé Width: 15.25mm Some diamonds may be treated and require special care; diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Angel wing sleeves add fluttery softness to our pretty by&by blouse while the included necklace adds a modern touch. scoopneck with necklace short sleeves approx. 22 length polyester machine  wash, line dry imported
Whether you’re at the soccer fields or just out for a hike, this polo shirt will help you look great and feel comfortable. regular fit spread collar short sleeves 2-button closure cotton washable imported
Take downtime comfort to the next level with this soft, v-neck tee, featuring stretch-easy jersey knit construction. v-neck short sleeves jersey knit fabric polyester/spandex washable imported
This curtain panel has a basketweave fabric with a subtle design to create a classic look that enhances your decor. buckram in header adds crispness and support to the fabric lined for an enhanced weight and feel 1½ grommet opening Sold individually. Polyester/rayon with polyester lining. Washable. Imported.
This keratin protein-infused shampoo prevents breakage and preserves hair color while restoring elasticity and protecting from sun damage. locks out humidity protects from thermal styling free of paraben, sulfate, gluten and sodium chloride Made in America. How to use: Apply to wet hair and massage. Rinse. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to four of any one item, up to a maximum of six items, per customer, per month.  
  Giddyup and go in these fabulously fashionable suede cowboy boots featuring a tall, detailed shaft and feminine snip toe. It’s a guaranteed good time in the Dan Post Maria boots.   suede leather upper 2 ½ leather heel 13” detailed shaft snip toe pull on leather lining with ultimate flex insole leather sole
Jacob glider is overstuffed with padded arms for comfort when nursing or soothing baby.   sealed ball bearing mechanism for smooth, quiet gliding long-wearing seat cushions remove for spot cleaning microfiber fabric choice of stylish neutral colors to complement your décor optional matching ottoman glides with chair for superior comfort polyester; polyester fill solid hardwood construction glider: 32½x36x35H; ottoman: 24x19x17H some assembly required made in America Glider and ottoman sold separately.  
Light up the night or brighten up your day with this table lamp designed with a bulbous body and bright white shade.   double-gourd design green body 3-way twist switch Ceramic. Measures 26½H. Linen/polyester/cotton shade is 10H with 14 bottom and top measurements. Uses one 150W type A bulb, max., not included. Assembly required; instructions included. Imported. Due to Title 20 legislation, California customers will receive a lamp with an on/off switch and a free 13W CFL bulb.
Featuring jeweled tones, a traditional motif and a unique crystal accent, this wastebasket accents your bathroom with bold Southwestern flair. durable resin construction onyx black trim Resin. Measures 7.9x7.9x9.6H. Wipe clean. Imported.
Keep your speedy champ warm and toasty during cool-weather fun with this bright, fleece-lined Cars hat. fleece lining embroidered shell: acrylic lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
In addition to split-second precision, this sparkling watch features individually hand-set crystals circling a laser-etched mother-of-pearl dial and sub dials. Its beautifully balanced design includes a signature Wittnauer bracelet and a scratch-resistant sapphire crystal.   Brand: Wittnauer Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Accents: 78 crystals on dial Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: 2-push deployant Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Thickness: 10.4mm Model No.: WN4029 Special Features: Date display; sapphire crystal   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A lattice-like border enhances the solid center of these stylish rugs in rich, easy-to-decorate-with colors.   highly durable nylon level cut loop construction for softness and durability slip-resistant latex back crafted in America ¼ pile height; ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable Origin: Made in America  
She will love and treasure this beautifully designed jewelry box that plays Swan Lake, while a ballerina twirls. sturdy MDF construction white drawer pulls and hardware bubble gum pink finish hand-lined pink suede-like interior fabric 1 open section with ring rolls; dual necklace doors with 3 hooks; 3 drawers for ample storage convenient catch panels for retrieving jewelry slift lid with interior mirror footed scalloped platform base design 9.5x4.75x10H imported jewelry not included NOTE: Small parts, choke hazard, only appropriate for children ages 8 years and older.
What it is:A dual-sided and angled, flat brush with ultra-soft bristles that’s designed for use with the DIPBROW™ Pomade. What it does:Apply and seamlessly blend in brow color with the Anastasia Beverly Hills Brush #14. With soft bristles and a slim handle that makes it easy to hold, this angled flat brush is perfect for getting artistic application and natural-looking brow color when used with the DIPBROW Pomade.
Standout with the rectangular black dial of this men's gunmetal link watch. Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: BlackStrap: Gunmetal metal linkClasp: FoldoverMovement: QuartzCase Width: 44mmCase Thickness: 8mmBracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 22mm wideModel No.: 53480 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show de
Our Worthington sleeveless shift dress has timeless style with a youthful appeal.   roundneck with front and back pleats sleeveless invisible back zipper approx. 37 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Whether she’s a horse lover or just someone to whom you wish a lot of luck, she’ll love this horseshoe-shaped ring encrusted in . diamonds.   Metal: 10K yellow gold over sterling silver Stones: 1/7 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 12mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carats. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Straight-leg styling and on-the-job comfort make our Audra pants a flattering business decision. flat front zip fly with hook-and-bar closure 2 front and 2 back welt pockets  34 1/2 inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
This pirate ship cake pan is ideal for themed events or an ultra-special birthday.   nonstick cast aluminum 10-cup capacity Dishwasher safe. Imported.
These perfectly pretty ballet flats have a special back-zip entry feature. synthetic upper back-zip entry rubber sole   CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Smooth and shape your silhouette in our super-slimming mid-thigh shapers, featuring a reversible, lightweight style that can be flipped inside out making it two shapers in one—wear in black or very bare.   smoothes tummy, hips, thighs and rear lightweight, double-layer fabric looks sleek under clothes wear as underwear to banish visible pant lines slimming level: super gusset: cotton/polyester nylon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported manufacturer’s style #1874  
Tiny gold-tone metallic flecks add subtle shimmer to our super-soft, open-front cadigan, lending casual elegance to your look.   long dolman sleeves ribbed hem and cuffs approx. 21-1/8 - 22¾ length  cotton/rayon/nylon/other fibers machine wash, dry flat imported  
V-neck scrub top helps keep your essentials at hand, while offering a fit that allows for easy movement. v-neck with twill taping double chest pocket with self strapping and D-ring 2 lower patch pockets knit interior pocket side vents 29 center back length cotton/polyester washable imported
This essential button-front defines business casual with enduring colors and a great-draping classic fit.   classic fit spread collar adjustable, 2-button cuffs rounded hem cotton washable imported
Featuring moisture-wicking and quick-drying technology, this short-sleeve traveler shirt is perfect no matter what adventure awaits you.●    spread collar●    2 chest pockets●    cotton/polyester●    washable●    imported  
Your everyday, go-to jeans: comfortable, relaxed and made to live in.   sits below waist relaxed fit through seat and thigh 5-pocket style straight leg cotton washable imported extended sizes and washes available online only
Settle in for sleep with our fresh and fun tank top and microfleece leggings pajama set. tank top has racerback leggings have elastic waist tank: 100% cotton leggings: polyester/spandex washable imported
Featuring eye-catching lace-up design along the sides, our lace-up faux-suede shorts are perfect with a sleek top and your favorite pair of boots. zip fly with hook-and-eye mid-rise 2¾ inseam polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Your sweet baby will have tons of love to share in this adorable Dumbo bodysuit, featuring easy leg snaps, a fun puff print and soft cotton fabric. crewneck short sleeves puff print leg snaps 100% cotton washable imported
Make morning routines less hectic with this girly, grab-and-go set from Carter's. includes tunic and pants tunic: smocked neck, long sleeves, button placket pants: elastic waist tunic: 100% cotton pants: cotton/elastane washable imported
Give your room an extra pop of personality with these fun, funky rugs.   bold, vivid, long-lasting colors durable, soft, easy-care fibers printed in America highly durable nylon slip-resistant latex back 5/16 pile height Stain Resistant: Yes  Fade Resistant: Yes  Slip Resistant: Yes  Rug Backing: Latex  Fire Retardant: Yes  Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces.  Use: Indoor  Care Instructions: Washable  Origin: Made in America
What it is:A waterproof cleansing and antiaging device for oily skin types that deeply cleanses while improving the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles for radiant, firm, youthful-looking skin. What it is formulated to do:LUNA™ 2 cleansing and antiaging device deeply cleanses with up to 8,000 T-Sonic™ (transdermal sonic) pulsations per minute channeled through silicone touch-points. It smooths the appearance of lines and wrinkles with lower-frequency pulsationsleaving skin looking and feeling radiant, firmer, and more elastic while helping to improve absorption of your favorite skincare products. What else you need to know:Bigger brush: the brush surface area is 40 percent larger than the LUNA’s, enabling it to cover a larger surface area of skin for more efficient cleansing in the same amount of time. It features a range of brush heads that are optimized to offer specialized cleansing, meeting the specific needs of different facial areas. Longer touch-points: for a remarkable balance of power and gentleness, the touch-points are 26 percent longer than the LUNA’s to allow for more flexibility when the touch-points make contact with the skin, preventing any pulling or stretching to preserve the skin’s natural elasticity. These ultra-long touch-points are also much narrower to reach areas of your face that are typically hard to cleanse. Flexible brush head: the brush head that can bend up to 20 degrees further than the LUNA’s, curving against the skin which allows the touch-points to reach the many contours and angles of the face so that no area is left un-cleansed. Enhanced T-Sonic cleansing system: With 12 intensities and a motor that is twice as powerful, the pulsations dislodge more impurities from the pores, providing deeper cleansing and more effective antiaging while still remaining gentle on the skin. Thicker silicone: the silicone body is 36 percent thicker than the LUNA’s, making it plusher, smoother, softer, and easy to hold. It lowers the noise of the motor for a more relaxing skincare ritual while allowing the T-Sonic pulsations to travel into the skin’s surface for better results. Suggested Usage:-Use for two minutes twice daily with any cleanser.-To use, turn on, apply cleanser, wet brush surface, cleanse face, and rinse. -After, apply the antiaging surface to wrinkle-prone areas.Precautions:-Anyone who suffers from a serious skin condition should consult their dermatologist before using the LUNA. -Using clay-based, silicone-based, or grainy cleansers, exfoliators, or scrubs should be avoided, as they may harm the LUNA's soft silicone touch-points.
Our long-sleeve cotton shirt is built for your active and attractive outdoor wardrobe. spread collar 2 chest pockets long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
This black titanium men's wedding band has just the right amount of shine with 1/10 ct. t.w. diamonds. Metal: Black titaniumStones: 1/10 ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: IClarity: I2-I3Dimensions: 2.5x8mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Detox those bad vibes when beachside with our comfortable 4-way stretch boardshorts from Ocean Current. drawstring tech cargo pocket 10 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Feel cute and confident in our tankini swim top, featuring a fun, all-over print. halter ties removable, soft cups ties at back partially lined nylon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
The Paige comforter set will add a simple yet elegant look to your bedroom.   beautiful damask pattern on microfiber reverses to solid microfiber made of washable fabric for easy care 3-piece Twin set includes: comforter sham decorative pillow 4-piece Full/Queen set includes: comforter 2 shams decorative pillow Polyester. Washable, except accent pillow is spot clean. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x90; decorative pillow is 18x10 Full/Queen: comforter is 86x90; decorative pillow is 18x10
Add spice to your wardrobe and share your love of Star Wars by wearing officially licensed 3D Yoda cuff links. officially licensed palladium-plated base metal imported
This slipcover is a convenient way to give your furniture the look of new upholstered furniture. It's an easy, attractive and affordable way to rejuvenate tired furniture, give your room a seasonal change and extend the life of your furniture. loose seat cushion is covered in a separate zippered slipcover for a no-slip upholstered look stretch fabric, with spandex for a semi-custom fit, smoothly fits almost all sizes including hard-to-fit furniture subtle diamond-patterned fabric in wide range of rich colors Use the 2-piece chair slipcover on chairs with a separate, non-attached seat cushion. Designed to fit chairs from 32-43L, with seat cushion up to 24Lx30 deep. Polyester/spandex. Washable. Imported.  
Add our sterling silver anklet to give your look a little extra flash.  Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 10 longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Whether you're layering on a little or a lot, the polished finish in this stackable ring offers an eye-catching shine that's sure to get noticed. Sleek and simple in 18K yellow gold over sterling silver, mix-and-match with additional favorite stack rings for your own customized look.   Metal: 18K yellow gold over sterling silver Width: 3.5mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
What it is:An all-in-one, cream-to-powder, multipurpose makeup stick.What it does:NARS The Multiple beautifully highlights, sculpts, and warms the eyes, cheeks, lips, and body in an array of shades, from sheer accents to mauve and bronze. Size0.50 oz
Our unique dolman tee is a perfect base layer for your standout workout look. v-neck short sleeves approx 28¼-30 9/16 polyester/rayon slub jersey knit washable imported
Embrace your dark side with our cute and cool allover Darth Vader print tee. roundneck short sleeves polyester/rayon washable imported
Flaunt your modern silhouette in our A-line skirt with a polished belted waistband. side-seam zipper self-fabric tie belt approx. 19½ length polyester/spandex polyester binding washable imported
Enjoy effortless style when you’re on the move in these smart khakis from Dockers. Easy-going features include a fabric-lined waistband, breathable mesh pockets, smartphone pocket and moisture-wicking, All Motion Comfort® fabric.   moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you cool and dry All Motion Comfort technology stretches with you straight fit through seat and thigh jersey fabric-lined waistband button closure breathable mesh side-seam front pockets smartphone pocket back welt pockets wing and anchor embroidery flat front straight leg hemmed cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
A notch collar and shimmer fabric make our suit jacket the right choice. notch collar side vents 3 interior pockets 3 exterior pockets approx. 29-32 long polyester lining polyester/viscose dry clean imported
Feel stylish and put-together in our wedge sandals while enjoying all the features and benefits of a well-made, super cushioned and padded shoe. You won't believe this much cute comes with so much comfort.   polyurethane upper rubber sole
A little bit of chic and a lot of comfort is what you'll find in our long-sleeve, hooded pullover shirt. roundneck long sleeves polyester/cotton/rayon washable imported
Soft, graphic tee speaks the language of relaxed with your choice of fun, island-themed sayings.   crewneck cotton washable imported
Reward your feet with the soft velour of our Dearfoams slippers.   embroidered polyester upper washable, dry flat imported
Haggar eCLo Stria dress pants make it easy to look your best. And who would guess that a fabric that looks and feels this good would be machine washable? The legendary Haggar hidden expandable waistband that expands up to 3 will have you feeling your best, too. no-iron permanent crease hidden expandable waist expands up to 3 classic fit sits on waist standard rise pleated front relaxed through leg Haggar® eCLo™ products are made with REPREVE® recycled fiber by UNIFI 77% polyester/23% recycled polyester washable imported style: HD10681, HD10807, HD10848 style: HD00219
Support and modesty make our Jockey Skimmies slipshorts a very popular choice to wear under skirts and pants with no static cling and a smooth profile that reaches below your knees. resists static cling tagless below knee length nylon/spandex/cotton washable imported manufacturer style #2125
Our striped legacy polo from St. John’s Bay offers classic wardrobe versatility in your choice of fresh, easy-match colors. minimal shrinkage fade- and pill-resistant regular fit flat knit collar twill-taped neck with heat transfer label 2-button placket short sleeves tennis tail with taped side vents 100% cotton washable imported
These rugs feature exquisite floral bouquets and beautiful borders to add a colorful accent to your floors.   dye-injection technology creates hi-def patterns durable fiber is great for high-traffic areas heat-set construction for long-lasting color fast-drying to resist piling and fuzzing printed in America highly durable Supriva nylon ¼ pile height; ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable Origin: Made in America
Get ready to turn heads at every turn in our fun mockneck skater dress. approx. 33¼ - 35¼ length from shoulder rayon machine wash, line dry imported  
The force will be with him when he storms around in these Skechers athletic shoes featuring the all-powerful Imperial symbol on the side.   construction     leather/synthetic/textile upper     padded tongue and collar     shock-absorbing midsole     cushioned comfort insole     EVA sole     details       “Imperial Symbol” printed on side     lace up     self-adhesive closure  
Softened by its luxurious fiber-filled back and fashionable tapered feet, this pad-arm leather sofa/loveseat sectional features clean, rectangular styling elements and a handsome finish that stands out in any space.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery premium elastic webbing cushions filled with polyurethane foam and a bonded polyester comfort layer chip-resistant plastic feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight.  Measures 88Wx92Dx35H overall with a 19 seat height, 22 seat depth and 18 seat back height. Imported. All colors are Custom Order except Metro Dark Brown. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.
Add a lightweight layer of warmth to any outfit with our soft and plush plaid polar fleece vest. zip front front pockets polyester washable imported misses: approx. 26⅝ - 28½ front length petite: approx. 23 - 25 front length
This olive oil dispenser is designed for storing extra virgin olive oil, so it's close at hand for drizzling on food.   24-ounce capacity cruet opaque bottle and non-porous glazed interior keep oil in the dark to avoid oxidation and preserve taste playful, contemporary design Stoneware. Dishwasher-safe. Imported.
These are pants you'll want to wear 7 days a week: great for work because they look sharp and resist wrinkles
Get the extra storage you need with our chest freezer that can tuck away anywhere you want.  white door and cabinet for clean look manual defrost helps keep clean single storage basket for easy access adjustable temperature control recessed door handle for easy access 3.5 cubic-foot capacity AC current metal 22x22⅕x32⅗H wipe clean imported
The vintage-inspired motifs of these rugs in decor-friendly colors and patterns enhance the look of your kitchen.   saxony cut helps to hide foot prints and vacuum lines serged edges to resist fraying heat-set construction for long-lasting color printed in America highly durable nylon slip-resistant back ¼ pile height; ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes  Fade Resistant: Yes  Slip Resistant: Yes  Rug Backing: Latex/post-consumer recycled product  Fire Retardant: Yes  Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces.  Use: Indoor  Care Instructions: Washable  Origin: Made in America 
You'll love the easy comfort of our shaker-striped sweater for a refreshed take on a classic wardrobe favorite. double ribbed neckline shaker stitch detail on sleeves intarsia stripes jersey knit cotton/nylon/Modal®/wool washable imported
Smooth and shape your silhouette in our super-slimming and oh-so-versatile tank top, featuring a reversible, lightweight style that can be flipped inside out for a new color and turned around for a different neckline.   lightweight, double-layer fabric offers all-around slimming targets tummy and love handles slimming level: super nylon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported manufacturer’s style #1873  
Super soft, breathable cotton and easy nickel-free snaps make our bodysuits an easy choice for your baby. includes 5 bodysuits short sleeves nickel-free snaps on reinforced panels 100% cotton washable imported
With a poinsettia and vine border, this holiday rug wishes you a merry Christmas in festive style. printed construction durable polyethylene 0.05 overall thickness measures 30x18 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: Yes Fire Retardant: No Rug Backing: Latex Rug Pad Needed: No Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Imported
The sporty style of our performance pants can take you to the gym or be your comfy choice for a lazy day. mid rise elastic waistband slim fit approx. 23 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
  DNA is essentially a very large molecule that contains the blueprints for life.  Building this unpainted DNA model will help you understand its basic structure, so you learn while you’re building!   Kit includes: 20 1” Styrofoam balls 20 1 ½” Styrofoam balls 10 2 ½” rods 10 2” rods 10 3” chenille stems 2 45” chenille stems 14 ½” reinforcement wire 4X5” display stand complete instructions   certified lead free recommended for children ages 14 and up made in America
This counter-height dining table set features balanced and precise lines and clean tapered legs, the perfect addition to your dining room kitchen or nook.   espresso finish neutral ivory fabric seat cushions coordinates with the Tiburon dining collection bridges gap between traditional and contemporary design Set includes: Table: 40x40x40H 4 stools: each 18x21¾x41½H; 25 seat height Rubberwood/polyester/cotton. Measures 18x21¾x41½H; 25 seat height.  Ready to assemble; tools included. Imported.
With a vintage flair, this square cubic zirconia ring has a lot of charm. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Simulated diamond 2.45 ct. t.w. diamond equivalent Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 7.74mm Carat (ct.) total weight (t.w.). represents the approximate total weight of diamonds or equivalent appearance. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
These divine earrings have gray stones set in gold-tone metal for a vintage look and feel. Elegant and timeless, these earrings are a must-have for your jewelry collection.   Metal:  Gold-tone metal Stones: Blue stonesBack: LeverbackDimensions: 1.1 long  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With breathable mesh side panels and contouring Memory Foam, this mattress is design to contour to your individually shape for the ultimate supportive sleep. soft mesh fabric topper comfort layers: 2 Gel Flex memory foam; 2 gel memory foam; 3 Gel Flex engineered Latex® foam; 6 high-density support system air ventilates from the sides to maintain temperature level twin xl: 79x38x13H queen: 79x59x13H king: 79x75x13H cal. king: 83x71x13H imported
true Introducing GE®'s most advanced wash system designed to consistently clean and dry dishes, featuring 65% more wash power delivered to each rack. Relish the quiet efficiency of GE®'s two pump system that minimizes noise while running with this high performing dishwasher that sits flush to your cabinets for a seamless feel. ENERGY STAR® qualified / CEE qualified 51 dBA with status light on door chrome accent control panel with 2/4/8-hour Delay Start  4-pass wash and dry element evenly heats water for washing and air for drying two dedicated bottle jets integrated into the upper rack clean hard-to-reach areas inside tall items two-pump system provides excellent wash performance with reduced sound wash zones allow you to clean half-loads in either the upper or lower rack dedicated silverware jets focus on silverware baskets in multiple locations Piranha™ hard food disposer with removable filter Steam PreWash loosens tough soils before any cycle SpaceMaker® silverware basket can be placed on the rack or onto the door auto sensing cycle adjusts to soil level to maximize energy savings and ensure clean dishes sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes adjustable heights makes installation over built-up floors simple
She'll look just like a little princess in this dress featuring an Anna and Elsa appliqué and a glitter mesh skirt with embroidered flowers to finish off this girly look.  embroidered bodice waistline with sash and bow cap sleeve polyester washable imported
Dockers men's pants with no-wrinkle performance provide a fresh look all day long.   pleated front classic fit through seat and thighs zip fly with button closure ¼ top front pockets double welt back pockets with button-through closure belt loops embroidered wing and anchor logo hard creases cotton/polyester twill washable imported or domestic
Attract the attention of the whole room when you dazzle in our sleeveless gown, which features a bra-friendly style and stunning detailing at the front. v-neck back zip 59 length from shoulder nylon/spandex professional spot clean imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Keds® casual leather shoe provides a classic cool look and natural stretch for ultra-comfort fit.   padded collar and tongue give superior fit and comfort for your active lifestyle cushioned insole cotton/mesh lining for breathability durable rubber outsole heel heights will vary depending on size
This convertible car seat conveniently grows with your child by providing 5 of extra legroom allowing your child to ride rear facing longer. 3-position extension panel adjusts to provide legroom 6-position recline keeps child comfortable during rides 10-position headrest adjusts easily for growing children Simply Safe Adjust™ Harness System adjusts the height EPS foam cushion provides extra comfort rear-facing infants from 4-50 lbs.; forward-facing toddler from 22 to 65 lbs. Safe Seat Engineered side impact tested meets CPSC standards, FFA approved, meets FMVSS213 standards 19.76x21.73x25.16H polyester/metal/plastic/foam wipe clean with damp cloth; machine wash, air dry seat cushion imported
Whether your birthday is in September or blue is your favorite color, these lab-created sapphire stud earrings make the perfect punctuation to your outfit. Made in America. Metal: 10K yellow gold Stones: 6mm round lab-created sapphires Setting: Snap Back: Friction Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The Swami 4000+ has turned the corner on GPS technology. Now you can get exact distances to hazards and doglegs to help you manage your way around even the most difficult courses. pre-loaded with 30,000+ worldwide courses no computer downloads or annual subscription required displays distances, hole number, par and time large, vibrant 1.8 easy to read display course map editing feature auto-hole advance shot distance measurement supports 4 different languages displays distances in yards or meters rechargeable lithium-ion battery lasts up to two rounds durable and waterproof plastic 5.6x5.6x3.5H wipe clean imported
Our fun swim trunks are an easy hit in the water and out with convenient pocket security and a fit and feel you can spend the whole day wearing.   waistband with laced front closure built-in mesh brief side mesh pocket and bungee key cord 11½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Keep your feet cushioned and warm in the knit construction of our quarter socks for endless styling options. cotton/polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
Easily slip into these comfy sandals for the warmer days outdoors and a lightweight design. construction durable synthetic upperrubber EVA outsole for tractionone-piece foam strap details bold adidas logolightweight for easy movementslide style sandals
Serve up your sense of style with the charming folk-stitch pattern on this dinnerware set featuring a carefree break-, chip- and scratch-resistant design.   perfect for entertaining or everyday use long-lasting patterns won’t wash, wear or scratch off Vitrelle glass is a special tempered glass consisting of 3 glass layers pressed together for a thin design with added strength microwave and oven safe 16-piece set includes: four 10¼” dinner plates four 6¾” bread plates four 18-ounce soup/cereal bowls four 11-ounce mugs Vitrelle glass; stoneware mug. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
He’ll be ready for summer fun in these slide sandals, perfect for the beach or playing outside.   technology   solarsoft midsole innovative outsole provides groundbreaking flexibility   construction   synthetic upper rubber sole   details   slip on
Liven up your surroundings with the scent of fresh-cut lemons by using this innovative multifunction sensor-operated trash can. The unique combination of an active carbon filter deodorizer and a fragrance cartridge with diffuser holes works together to eliminate odor inside the trash can while providing a fresh scent for the surroundings at the same time. 4-gallon capacity is ideal for daily use in the living room, dining room, bathroom, bedrooms, laundry/utility rooms, office cubicles, lunch rooms and breakrooms 100% hands-free operation keeps your hands clean at all times easy-clean surface repels dust, dirt and fingerprints corner-mounted sensor design ensures accurate opening and makes the trash can easy to operate from any position improved sensor mechanism uses four AA batteries (not included) for up to 6 months of daily use removable lid and retainer ring make it easy to install and remove trash bags includes one active carbon filter to eliminate odors and one fragrance cartridge and built-in diffuser to fill your surroundings with the scent of fresh lemons stainless steel makes it the perfect fit for any decor 4-gallon capacity 10.3x6.95x17.9 AC/DC stainless steel wipe clean imported
Slip into these stretchy, comfortable mid-rise pants that feature an easy pull-on waist and sleek look. mid rise straight leg 32 1/2 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex machine wash; line dry made in America
Featuring charming cardinals perched on mistletoe branches, this festive square serving platter brings Christmas cheer to all your holiday get-togethers.   durable earthenware construction classic red-and-green color scheme great for appetizers, side dishes, desserts and more Earthenware. Measures 13x13. Hand wash. Imported. 
Seamed for a great fit, our slim-leg, ankle pants sit below your waist, straight-and-narrow through the hip and thigh, to keep the emphasis on the vertical. zip fly with hook, bar and inside button closures inside waistband extension for a smoother front slim fit 2 front slant pockets 2 back faux welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations 29½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Help your athlete stay cool when her workout heats up with this double-layer burnout tank from Xersion. u-neck racerback cotton/polyester washable imported
This square pillow is designed to coordinate with the Riviera comforter set and accessories collection.   solid blue ground coral grosgrain border trimmed with a corded edge measures 16x16 Polyester face with cotton back and polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
What it is:An antiaging foundation with innovative light technology to eliminate shadows and give skin a radiant, youthful glow.What it does:Revive your skin with light. Radiance Reflecting Powder provides a soft-focus effect and luminosity for a more youthful, lifted appearance for up to 12 hours and a rich moisturizing effect for up to 24 hours.What else you need to know:Smooth wrap oil, hydroxyproline, and rose apple leaf extract provide abundant moisture to help counteract the appearance of wrinkles and firm the look of skin. Size1.2 oz
Made from vibrant, long lasting Xtra Life™ Lyrcra® this swimsuit will hold up no matter how many laps she swims and with Speedo's no wedgie worries silicone gripper edge this suit stays put for ultimate comfort.  nylon/Xtra Life™ LYCRA® spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Our classic twill shorts will never go out of style with their timeless look and soft cotton texture. zipper fly with hook-and-bar closure classic, relaxed fit 3.75” inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Light and lovely, this table lamp features a clear crystal base that seamlessly complements any decor. The neutral shade adds versatility and sophistication.   clear crystal base off-white hardback shade 3-way switch Steel. Measures 28H. Uses one type A 100W bulb, max., not included. Imported. CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: In order to successfully complete your transaction, you must select the Table Lamp with CFL Bulb option. A Title 20-compliant lamp will be shipped to the state of California and include a CFL bulb.
Lightweight, colorful and perfect for all weather conditions, this tropical-inspired beach bag turns into a mat in an instant. easy-care polyester fabric adjustable carrying strap zippered design Polyester. Measures 56½x69 as a mat. Washable. Imported.
A cropped cut gives our Stylus pants a fresh look that's perfect for the season.   classic fit straight leg misses: 27½ unrolled, 25½ with a 1 double roll cuff petites: 25½ unrolled, 23½ with a 1 double roll cuff talls:   30 unrolled, 28 with a 1 double roll cuff cotton/spandex washable imported
Lightweight and comfortable, these slip-resistant work boots feature a rugged design inspired by military footwear. construction leather/nylon upper breathable mesh lining rubber sole details lace up 8 shaft height cushioned, removable insert Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
Refresh your kitchen with this 12-pc. cookware set that combines the ease of a nonstick interior with a bright burst of color.   top-quality PFOA-free nonstick interior delivers excellent food release and easy cleanup colorful speckled porcelain enamel exterior updated belly-shaped pan silhouette shatter-resistant glass lids seal in heat and moisture while cooking is monitored comfortable phenolic handles provide solid, secure pan support oven safe up to 350ºF 12-piece set includes: 1-quart saucepan with lid 2-quart saucepan with lid 3-quart sauté pan 5-quart Dutch oven with lid 8½ skillet 10½ skillet 3-piece nylon tool set Aluminum with plastic handles, glass lids and nylon utensils. Hand wash. Imported.  
Upgrade your casual style with Off the Wall® looks like this graphic tee from Vans. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Update your shoe collection with our pumps, featuring a lace-up style and a pointed toe for a get-noticed look. synthetic upper 4 3/8 heel lace up pointed toe PVC sole
The perfect pair of jeans for your toddler boy ....   relaxed fit adjustable waist zipper closure with snap above 3 front pockets, 2 back pockets cotton washable imported
When your weekend awaits, count on our all-cotton twill shorts for a comfortable fit. 2 vertical front pockets 2 back welt pockets zip fly with hook-and-bar closure 4½ inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Coordinating perfectly with the Disney Collection boys swimwear, this rash guard has him stylishly protected from the sun. UPF 50+ contrast overlock stitching raglan-style sleeves polyester/spandex washable imported
Head to the beach in our tee, featuring Dri-FIT moisture-wicking technology and flat seams to reduce chafing.  crewneck sleeveless flat seams Dri-FIT fabric polyester washable imported
Metal: Rose-tone brassStones: Diamond accentsBack: HingeDimensions: 19x27mm Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This dining table set features balanced and precise lines and clean tapered legs, the perfect addition to your dining room kitchen or nook.   espresso finish neutral ivory fabric seat cushions coordinates with the Tiburon dining collection bridges gap between traditional and contemporary design Set includes: Table: 60x36x30H 4 chairs: each 18x21¾x40H; 18 seat height Rubberwood/polyester/cotton. Ready to assemble; tools included. Imported.
Classic style meets raw edge to create a casual-chic denim essential of the season. regular fit low rise 5-pocket style 8¾ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
With fun, sparkly studs in front and lace in the back, our Arizona t-shirt is the perfect combination of sparkly and girly. roundneck short sleeves high-low hem cotton/polyester/rayon trim: polyester washable imported
Bring up the shine and sparkle factor of any look with this gold-tone choker necklace, featuring blue and green acrylic stones.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Blue and green acrylic Dimension: 10.5 mesh chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The GreenPan Lima 3D I love Eggs and Pancakes 8 fry pan is complete with Thermolon™ Marathon healthy ceramic nonstick coating for easy cleanup and food release, stainless steel handle for oven and broiler safety and a dishwasher-safe coating for added convenience. Part of the innovative new collection, this fry pan has a traditional flat surface for eggs and pancakes. traditional flat surface is perfect for pancakes and eggs thick, hard-anodized aluminum base for quick and even heat distribution Thermolon ceramic coating is healthy, safe and does not contain any toxic chemicals or persistent pollutants no harmful fumes, peeling, chipping or flaking off of the coating PFOA, lead and cadmium free 60% less CO2 is emitted during the curing phase of production of Thermolon coatings, compared to the emissions during the curing phase of production of traditional coatings GreenPan processes used materials—such as upcycled stainless steel for the handles and upcycyled aluminum for cookware bodies—into new products to prevent waste of potentially useful materials ergonomic stainless steel handle coating is heat resistant to 850ºF Aluminum/ceramic/stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
This sculpt dry clay fortifies hair to enhance styling control while guarding against thermal trauma. Sculpt and define your locks while adding texture at the same time. control factor: 8 of 10 provides 500º thermal protection non-greasy formula with low sheen ideal for all hair types made in America   How to use: Apply into palm of hand. Rub hands together to soften clay. Distribute into damp or dry hair. Style as desired.   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Your future doctor will look and feel just like Dottie Doc Mcstuffins while tending to special patients in this 4-piece costume. includes headband, lab coat and leggings lab coat: satin shirt panel with self-adhesive closure, Doc McStuffins cameo, 2 pockets leggings: elastic waist polyester hand wash, line dry imported Thermometer included with size 2 costume Stethoscope included with sizes 3-8 costume
Smooth and stylish, these slipcovers by Studio™ are the perfect solution for sprucing up your furniture.   easy and affordable way to change up your look, while protecting and extending the life of your furniture soft finely ribbed fabric in versatile colors two-way stretch fabric contours smoothly over furniture; elastic corners keep it in place fabric includes spandex for a semi-custom fit, even on hard-to-fit furniture installs quickly and easily; includes easy-to-follow step-by-step instructions Polyester/spandex. Designed to fit loveseats from 58-73 wide, up to 34 high, and with seat cushions up to 38 deep. Washable. Imported.
Sleek Superman tie bar upgrades your neckwear with Man of Steel style.   slide closure 2 x ⅜ silver-plated metal/enamel imported
Make your own glow-in-the-dark ornaments with this fantastic activity kit .   Kit contains: 4000 beads 4 pegboards (3 square; 3 round; 2-7/8 hexagon and 4 star) googly eyes ironing paper complete instructions with project ideas makes more than sixteen projects beads are made of LDPE—a food-grade plastic containing no harmful chemicals.  recommended for children ages 5 and up WARNING: Choking Hazard-small parts.  Not for children under 3 years
Finish off your trend-right looks with our roomy hobo bag from Liz Claiborne. top strap, 10.4 drop top zipper closure synthetic; polyester lining exterior slip pocket and back zipper pocket interior slip pocket and zipper pocket 12.8Hx10.8Wx5.6 D imported
Lined with super-soft faux fur and accented with beautiful laces, these moccasin-style shoes are an eclectic choice for any casual occasion. plaid: polyester/wool/acyrlic upper all other colors: synthetic/textile upper slip on rubber/textile sole
Hit the track or the office in our crew socks designed for maximum comfort gives you plenty of styling options every day. cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
Jockey full-rise briefs redefines comfort and quality with an exclusive design.   full-rise brief covers waist to thigh legs extend to top of thighs exclusive Y-front® fly design choose your waist size 100% cotton washable imported package of 2
Kick your activewear style up a notch with this handsome, lightweight jacket from Puma.   lightweight long sleeves side pockets banded arm cuffs and waist polyester washable imported
Deck the table with holiday spirit for every meal using these festive cereal bowls boasting a display of decorated trees, nostalgic rocking horses and charming holly and ivy accents. durable stoneware construction microwave and freezer safe set of 4 Stoneware. Each measures 7 in diameter. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
true This five-burner electric range offers 12, 9 and 6 burners with a power boil burner so you can match the element size to pots and pans for more efficient cooking. 4.4 cu. ft. capacity cook griddle favorites from the convenience of your range with the bridge zone true European convection with precise air allows you to enjoy perfectly even results without turning the pan self-clean with steam clean option make hot meals in a hurry with less time preheating hidden bake oven interior makes cleanup easy by eliminating hard-to-reach areas front controls three heavy-duty oven racks with seven oven rack positions
Everyone will be a winner if they see him in our cute Peanuts tie.  2⅝ wide; 49 long polyester spot clean imported
For all the white wine lovers out there, the Vinturi white wine aerator enables you to enjoy the best flavor, aroma and finish from your white wine, while maintaining the perfect temperature for serving and consumption.   no need to let white wine sit and breathe in a decanter before aerating simply pour the wine through the aerator into your glass instantly opens the wine's full aroma profile and tasting notes FDA approved NAS30, silicon and plastic. Imported.
Our trendy and practical Bayport kit lunchbox features two sturdy handles that are long enough to wear over the shoulder and a magnetic snap closure. insulated long straps can be worn over the shoulder full zipper closure gray PVC-free PEVA lining polyethylene-filled ice pack cotton lunch bag; plastic containers dishwasher safe 13.25x5.10.75H imported set includes: lunch bag ice pack 1 2-cup sandwich-sized container 2 1-cup containers
Give her a double dose of your love. Pairs of lab-created ruby hearts join together all around this link bracelet that's glistening with cubic zirconia stones. Metal: Silver-plated metal Stones: 6mm heart-shaped lab-created rubies Other Stones: Round cubic zirconia Setting: Prong Closure: Box with figure 8 safety clasp Dimensions: 7½ long; 6.4mm wide Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Make waves in our geo print wide-leg mid-rise pants that move with you. 32¼ inseam mid-rise polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Start your outfit with a hint of shimmer in Jockey Matte and Shine bikini panties.      nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported   
The Cycle Force 26 Rigid Mountain Bike is a great option for the daily commute or weekend trail ride.  The 18 speed drivetrain will give you plenty of gears to get over the roughest terrain while linear pull brakes will bring you to a stop.   Frame/Fork: 18 steel frame with steel rigid fork Wheels/Tires: Alloy rims, 26x1.95 mountain bike tires Drivetrain: 18 Speed, twist shifters Brakes/Cockpit: Linear pull brakes Dimensions: 69x24x40 Assembly Required: Yes, tools included Care: Wipe clean Country of Origin: Imported
This easy-care Stafford boxed shirt and tie set eliminates time spent matching colors and gets you out the door faster. includes dress shirt and tie mod spread collar rounded patch pocket long sleeves button front shirt: cotton/polyester
Our lightweight twill pants are cut low and close for an urban edge that's surprisingly laid back.   slim fit sits below waist slightly tapered leg, 14.2 opening 2 slant front pockets 2 back patch pockets white tab cotton washable imported
Pleating detail at the neckline gives our short-sleeve peasant top an extra touch of prettiness. polyester washable imported
Featuring breathable mesh sides and a moisture-wicking sweatband, this rugged safari hat is the ideal cover to take with you on an outdoor adventure. UPF50+ sun protection Coolmax® sweat band provides moisture management nylon/polyester band chin cord with metal toggle 2¾ brim nylon spot clean imported  
You'll find endless ways to wear our long-sleeve ruched-side T-shirt—dressed up, dressed down, and all the ways in between. scoopneck 100% cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Featuring an anchor graphic tee with s.s. cutie printed on the chest, a graphic-print bodysuit and striped diaper cover shorts, this versatile cotton outfit set will have your little cutie ready in a snap.   includes bodysuit, tee and diaper cover shorts tee: anchor graphic and s.s. cutie graphic print, short sleeves bodysuit: graphic print, contrast binding, short sleeves, nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel diaper cover shorts: covered elastic waistband with drawstring 100% cotton washable imported
The personalized 64-oz. growler holds a full 64 oz. of your favorite brew in a safe portable container. Constructed with stainless steel and finished with sleek matte black finish, this beer growler features a secure swing-top lid and custom engraving. stainless steel construction 4.25x4.25x11.5H; holds up to 64 oz. hand wash only, do not freeze imported May be engraved with a name (max 12 characters) and a date (max 4 characters) with the Brewing Co. design at no additional cost. Please note: Brewing Co., The, and EST. automatically come with the name and date personalization option.
Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: GunmetalStrap: Silver-tone metal linkClasp: FoldoverMovement: QuartzCase Width: 46mmCase Thickness: 6mmBracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 22mm wideModel No.: 53497   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A rounded hemline and keyhole-button on our print tank top will give your casual look a classy twist. built-in cami polyester washable imported
A quick and easy way to get your little one looking sharp on any big day, this set takes the guesswork out of his special occasion look with a perfectly coordinated shirt, vest, bow tie and pants combo that'll garner ooh's and aww's. includes button-front vest, long-sleeve shirt, Velcro®-closure bow tie and flat-front pants vest: 1 top and 2 lower imitation pockets pants: pull on with mock fly and elastic waist vest: 100% cotton shirt: cotton/polyester pants and tie: polyester vest, shirt and pants are washable; tie is dry clean only imported
A strappy design and cork-look wedge heel make these sandals a great pick for fun nights out or days on the boardwalk. synthetic upper approx. 3¼ wedge heel back zip entry adjustable ankle strap rubber sole  
Eliminate dust, pollen, dander, mold and harmful VOCs with our air purifier, with a carbon filter that reduces smoke, foul odors and off-gassing VOCs.  3-stage purification system removes 99.97% of particulates and allergens above 0.3 microns 4 operating modes personalized settings AC current plastic wipe clean imported
Dressy, comfortable and easy to slip on, our neutral wedge pumps feature a sophisticated style that can be worn either casually or at work. technology Memory Foam under sock lining construction durable synthetic upper rubber-molded outsole for flexibility details material weaved through metal ring detail 1 ¼ heel height
Mystify in this genuine Australian opal and diamond-accent ring set in 10K yellow gold.  Metal: 10K yellow gold Stones: 7x9mm oval genuine Australian opal Other Stones: Diamond accents   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This polo's soft color and cushiony sueded fabric gives you an easy-going style that feels instantly worn in. carbonized jersey fabric rib knit collar and cuffs taped neck 2-button placket long sleeves blue heather and dark grey: cotton/polyester all other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
Create a dazzling layered look with the shimmering details of our sequin layered sweater. 3/4 sleeves crewneck detachable necklace approx. 22½ - 26½ front length polyester/rayon polyester lining hand wash, dry flat imported
Our Liz Claiborne one-piece swimsuit adds excitement to your swimwear collection while keeping it real with a figure-flattering fit. removable straps sweetheart neckline built-in bra shirred front panel lined nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
She won't have to jump through hoops to get noticed. Just wear them. These girls' 14K gold hinged earrings show off a single, sparkling CZ—simple, but effective.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stone: Cubic zirconia Back: Hinged Dimensions: 13.5mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Simple in design yet profound in meaning, this band is a symbol of love, devotion and fidelity. Each prong-set diamond is held securely in place as the maximum amount of light enters from all sides for a radiance that'll last a lifetime. Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 2.3mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Show off one of the best styles of the season in tall boots by Journee Collection. These fashion boots feature premium faux leather uppers and chic buckle detail. synthetic upper 1.2” heel 16” shaft height 19 shaft circumference round toe shaft lined with faux fur for comfort rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size. 
May the force be with you in this comfy Star Wars body pillow that shows off your favorite films and provides a soft relaxing spot to lay. dye and print character applique polyester
Go for sporty weekend comfort in our soft, streaky French terry pants. relaxed fit elastic waist front pockets straight leg cotton/polyester washable imported misses 31½ inseam petite: 29 inseam 
true Prepare and heat your meals to perfection every time with this microwave oven with sensor cooking controls that automatically adjusts time and power. A steam cook button also lets you make your steamed favorites. 1.9 cu. ft. capacity 1000 Watts 4-speed, 400-CFM venting fan system quickly removes smoke, steam and odors sensor cooking controls automatically adjusts time and power USDA MyPlate menu offers healthy pre-programmed food options and recipes four-speed with boost recessed turntable with on/off removable oven rack cooktop lighting with three brightness settings
Transform your indoor/outdoor space with these long-lasting rugs designed to resist the forces of nature.   mold and mildew resistant woven construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Egypt 0.157 pile height; 0.25 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Polypropylene Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Care Instructions: Spot clean Use: Indoor/outdoor Origin: Imported  
Practice a variety of sports with our fun 3-pack of balls. includes soccer ball, basketball and football rotation molded construction vibrant colors PVC wipe clean imported
Timeless herringbone pants combine no-iron, permanent crease and a legendary hidden expandable waistband that expands up to 3. These pleated pants can easily be dressed up or down for formal or informal occasions. hidden expandable waistband expands up to 3 no iron permanent crease classic fit sits at waist standard rise pleated front off-seam front pockets button-through back pockets relaxed through the leg cuffed polyester washable imported style: HD00280
Soft to the touch with a relaxed fit you’ll love, these matte silky fleece pajama pants provide luxurious warmth and comfort night after night. elastic waist with drawstring inseam pockets polyester washable imported
This crushed voile sheer panel from Royal Velvet dresses your favorite room in texture and style.   2 rod pocket creates a shirred heading 3 bottom hem unlined to diffuse light coordinate with matching crushed voile valance, sold separately use alone or layer with any fabric window treatment Panels are sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
A comfort-focused design combined with a stylish look sets our leather Galway Walker shoes apart from the crowd.   construction leather upper polyurethane sole details slip on removeable leather-covered footbed padded collar and tongue twin stretchable gores leather lining
Simple and stylish, these bezel-set CZ stud earrings are a timeless addition to your jewelry collection. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Round cubic zirconia Back: Friction Dimensions: 7x7mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our tee features a henley-style button front with the Zoo York logo for a cool, casual look.  crewneck short sleeves henley regular fit jersey cotton/polyester washable imported
Our Alfred Dunner sweater is a lovely little luxury with neckline beading for a little extra sparkle in your day.   squareneck with beading 3/4 sleeves cotton/acrylic/other hand wash, dry flat imported
Express yourself in our soft jersey knit graphic T-shirt with a sporty high-low hem. v-neck approx. 28½ - 29¾ length jersey knit polyester washable imported
These embellished bermuda shorts add fashion-forward flair to any laidback look. 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure rhinestone detail ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
A figure-skimming shape spices up our classic pencil skirt with of-the-moment styling and a flattering silhouette. back zipper approx. 26 - 28 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Sweet ribbon ties and a soft blue print make this decorative pillow the perfect final touch to any bedroom. ribbon end ties cotton/polyester with polyester fill spot clean measures 16x6 imported
Ruggedly functional, this knit balaclava headwear from Bulwark® is flame resistant for added protection. flame resistant double layered 8.4 oz nomex knit washable made in America
An embroidered border helps this Euro pillow act as a fresh accent to your bedroom. matte satin background with embroidered border flange detail measures 26x26 Sold individually. Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Add a light and airy feel to any room with the Heather sheer panel. Its gauzy texture and color palette are reminiscent of a lovely day at the beach.   softly diffuses light rod-pocket styling for simple installation use alone or layer with other window treatments Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 2 in diameter. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
This luxury foot spa lets you escape to a state of pure bliss while enjoying soothing, massaging comfort from the top of your feet to the bottom. heat boost technology heats cold water in just minutes massaging bubbles provide soothing comfort 4 pressure-node rollers convenient toe-touch controls built-in carry handle for easy transport Plastic. Measures 14.2x8.2x16.2H. Imported.
A draped front and rich ribbed texture make our flyaway cardigan a cozy-luxe addition to your sweater weather lineup. v-neck 26 back length rayon/nylon machine wash, dry flat imported
With this six-quart programmable Cook & Carry slow cooker, planning a meal and taking it to a party or potluck is easy. 6-quart capacity is perfect for 7+ people or a 6-pound roast easy-to-use locking lid features a lid gasket for less mess when you're on the go programmable digital control lets you program cook times anywhere from 30 minutes up to 20 hours shifts to warm setting automatically once the cook time is complete removable oval stoneware pot is also stylish for your table Metal/ceramic/glass. Measures 15.3x9.5x14.9H. Lid and stoneware pot are dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Make a statement in this sterling silver rectangular ring, featuring a vibrant dyed blue lapis stone.  Metal: Sterling silverStones: Dyed blue lapisGallery Height: 2.3mm   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Great on its own or layered with favorite tops, this cool, cotton-blend tee is the perfect basic for everyday looks. roundneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
This luxurious and rich genuine leather manager chair features a microfiber inlay, a contour seat and back for built-in lumbar support and deluxe memory foam for that extra-comfortable feel. brown genuine leather with microfiber inlay pneumatic seat height adjustment supple matching leather upholstered armrests waterfall seat edge provides enhanced leg circulation butterfly seat plate durable 5-star chocolate finished base 5 wheels dual wheel carpet casters meets or exceeds BIFMA standard 300-lb maximum capacity wipe clean 26x28.25x43.5-47.05H assembly required; Allen wrench included imported
With a double v-neckline and an embellished waist, the most memorable look of the night will be yours in our sequin lace dress. back zip 57 to  60 length, varies with size ordered nylon/polyester/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported Returns: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Our chambray romper features embroidered thread on the front ruffle for an ultra-girly look. scoopneck embroidered thread on front ruffle Self fabric strap with ring and adjustable slider elastic waist side and back patch pockets relaxed fit 2½ inseam for size medium Tensel® washable imported
What it is:A mineral-based foundation that delivers all the flawless coverage you want with a natural matte finish.What it does:With just five pure ingredients, bareMinerals SPF 15 Foundation delivers flawless coverage and the creamy minerals are clinically proven to improve the appearance of skin over time. It looks like a powder, feels like a cream, and buffs on like silk, giving skin a natural luminosity while feeling as if you are not wearing any makeup at all.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dyes- Petrochemicals- Phthalates- GMOs- TriclosanWhat else you need to know:The coverage is complete and is free of preservatives, talc, oil, waxes, and other chemicals that can irritate skin and cause breakouts.Research results:Based on an independent consumer study:-93% of women saw minimized pores-85% of women experienced improved skin clarity with continued use-89% said this foundation reduced oily shine throughout the day Size0.2 oz Ingredients​All shades contain:Lauroyl Lysine, Silica, Calcium Silicate, Soil Minerals. May Contain: Mica, Titanium Dioxide, Iron Oxide.
This 2-in-1 vacuum features a crevice tool, dusting brush, stretch hose and innovative technology that gives you the most convenient, thorough clean ever.   multi-cyclonic design features 8 cyclones engineered to drop filter clogging out of the airstream for maximum dirt removal and no loss of suction WindTunnel technology uses 3 channels of suction for ultimate performance on both carpet and bare floors HEPA media filter traps 99.7% of dirt, dust and pollens down to 0.3 microns Level 3 AllergenBlock™ technology blocks 99% of allergen particles from re-entering the air* plug-and-play hose connects in seconds steerable nozzle for superior maneuverability removable primary filter is easy to clean multi-floor brushroll allows you to move from carpet to hard floors with the press of a button 14' above-floor cleaning reach 30' power cord Heavy-duty ABS plastic/metal. Manufacturer's 5-year limited warranty. Imported.
Princess Jasmine brings a royal touch to casual, everyday style with this princess-worthy dress and leggings. includes dress and leggings dress: roundneck, short sleeves, back button, embroidered leggings: elastic waist, ruched cuffs dress: 100% cotton leggings: cotton/spandex washable imported
These ultra-soft leggings add signature Minnie Mouse glamour to any laidback look. elastic waist polyester/spandex washable imported
These leather boots feature a touch of pretty embroidery to help you look and feel your best. technology oil- and slip-resistant sole construction leather upper synthetic sole details 11 shaft height pull on moisture-wicking breathable lining padded and covered cushioned insole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Your tomboy will flip for these casual denim shorts. With rolled cuffs and destructed detailing, she'll love them for play dates, movie nights and everything in between. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester washable imported
Embrace a smooth silhouette, in our comfortably supportive Ambrielle Natural Comfort bra, boasting a soft cotton-blend and lightly lined full-coverage cups.   lightly lined cups cotton/spandex hand wash,tumble dry imported 
Keep him looking fresh with this classic cotton graphic tee featuring the iconic slogan and swoosh.   crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
She’ll make a splash in this vibrant, 2-piece tankini swimsuit. includes top and bottom nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Crafted out of soft black faux leather, this stylish wraparound zippered portfolio will make a lasting impression on all who see it. The detailed interior consists of an 8-digit solar calculator, a zippered mesh ID pocket, a mesh snap closure card pocket, a file pocket, an elastic pen loop and a 30-page writing tablet. It makes a perfect corporate gift, and is ideal for travel and business meetings. solar calculator soft touch contemporary design zippered mesh ID pocket mesh snap-closure card pocket file pocket elastic pen loop 30-page ruled writing tablet faux leather wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 13¼x10¼ imported
A luxurious lab-created blue sapphire shines brightly from the center of this lab-created white sapphire sunburst pendant. Square lab-created blue sapphires even line the hinged bale.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 9x7mm and 2.5mm lab-created blue sapphires Other Stones: 1.25-2.25mm lab-created white sapphires Setting: Prong and channel Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 rope chain Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Uncomplicated yet completely substantial, this handsome media chest features unadorned details with clean lines and a sleek finish.   hardwood and engineered wood construction rich ebony finish butt-joint joinery 4 storage drawers with side-mounted metal glides hutch features cable access Measures 36Wx16Dx42H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.
Graphic t-shirts are everyday wear for girls these days, and this one will have them wanting to wear it everywhere. black, white gray, neon kiwi: cotton/polyester brilliant orange, Athens blue, surfboard pink: polyester washable imported
Our Liz Claiborne jeggings give you the best of both worlds with the look of jeans and the feel of leggings. skinny fit petite 27 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Time to show your easygoing style with this crystal-accented watch featuring a lightly textured strap that's easy to wear any day of the week. day of the week. Dial Color: Gold-tone Accents: 45 crystals on bezel Strap: Synthetic Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 40mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 20mm wide Model No.: Pink is JCP2394; yellow is JCP2395; white is JCP2396 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Update your bedtime style in this soft, wrinkle-resistant sateen robe from Stafford, featuring your choice of fashionable prints. easy care patch pockets tie belt waist cotton/polyester washable imported
A laced-up design and chunky stacked heel infuse vintage flair into these chic faux suede booties. faux suede upper 3½ stacked heel 4.4 shaft height 10 shaft circumference laced front with tassels top-stitch details synthetic upper Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
These simple, beautiful salad plates are an essential addition to your dinnerware collection. set of 12 porcelain dishwasher, freezer and microwave safe each measures 7¼x7¼  imported
Sharp-looking faux leather ottoman has a tray top for holding food and drinks when you're entertaining.    Ottoman: great for hosting or for extra seating composite wood frame foam cushioning Ottoman measures 17¾x17¾x17¾H. Fully assembled. Imported.
Our slip-on loafers feature a memory foam insole and a Relaxed Fit® design for a roomy, comfortable fit.  technology Relaxed Fit design air-cooled memory foam insole construction canvas upper EVA/rubber sole details slip on stitching and overlay accents vintage-washed canvas for a soft, comfortable feel
Be daring in your casual style with this tee featuring the Daredevil logo. crewneck 100% cotton washable imported
Smooth out all the wrinkles from pants, dresses, shirts and more with this powerful garment steamer from Conair.   Extreme Steam Dual Heat Technology creates concentrated steam to penetrate heavier fabrics and release wrinkles 5x faster and up to 30% hotter than other steamers. dual-heat system with 1110 watts of power 75 second heat-up time 15 minute steam time slide switch allows for dual heat settings – low and high temperatures steam trigger features a built-in switch for constant steam energy-saving steam pause feature includes 3 removable attachments: fabric brush, creaser and soft cushion brush easy-to-fill removable water reservoir 9' power cord kills dust mites and bed bugs Plastic/metal/nylon. Imported.
Give your dining or entertainment space a mid-century look with this comfortable chair featuring metallic fabric and plush padding. sturdy rubberwood frame cushion filled with polyurethane and polyester foam espresso-finished legs 250-pound weight capacity Upholstery is 63% polyester/35% viscose/2% polyamide. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 24Wx20Dx35H with a 20 seat height. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.
With a multitude of luxurious features like string tufting, welted seat cushions, mailbox-style dome arms and tapered block legs, this sleeper sofa gives any living space a beautiful seating and sleeping solution.   kiln-dried, laminated wood frame connected with two 16-gauge cords tempered steel spring system cushions filled with Dacron foam includes 2 printed accent pillows Queen mattress options: Basic: 4¾ overall thickness with a low-melt fiber insulator that is needle punched for increased strength and 13½-gauge, high-carbon steel springs. All materials are surged for additional strength to prevent slippage. Memory Foam: 4½ overall thickness with a 1 premium Enso PurGel memory foam layer on top of a 3½ layer of polyester support foam. The PurGel memory foam is cool and comforting thanks to its optimum temperature control.  Dreamquest: 6¼ overall thickness with a low-melt fiber insulator that is needle punched for increased strength and 13½-gauge, high-carbon steel springs. All materials are surged for additional strength to prevent slippage. AirDream: 11 overall thickness with innovative technology that combines spring coil support with a cushioning layer of air. This mattress also features adjustable firmness with a push of a button—it inflates in less than 60 seconds. Fabric options: Microsuede: 100% polyester, woven from extra-fine fibers to provide a superior feel, gentle drape and incredible softness. Feels like suede to the hand. Nina: 100% polyester, which provides high strength and resistance to shrinking, stretching and wrinkles. Feels like velvet to the hand. Buster: Chenille cloth made from 69% polyester/31% polypropylene. Woven into a tufted velvety cord or yarn, it feels like a velvety raised rib to the hand. Halo: 100% polyester, which provides high strength and resistance to shrinking, stretching and wrinkles. Feels like a finely ribbed microfiber to the hand. Hayden: 100% polyester, which provides high strength and resistance to shrinking, stretching and wrinkles. Feels like linen to the hand. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 80Wx35Dx34H with a 20 seat height, 23 seat depth and 11 seat back height. Made in America. All colors are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.
Bio polish gives our thin-striped button-front shirt a subtle sheen.   shirt collar button front long sleeves rounded hem cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported  
Keep your toes cozy with your favorite Frozen characters in our no-show socks. package of 5 pairs polyester/spandex washable imported  
Become a soulja of Ecko with our bold print logo tee made with comfortable cotton. crewneck short sleeves regular fit black: cotton heather gray: cotton/polyester washable imported
The performance you expect from our Nike Miler t-shirt keeps you focused on your workout with sweat-wicking coverage and limited seam irritation. crewneck flatlock seams approx. 31½ length Dri-FIT fabric polyester washable imported
Lovely lace trim and a deep v-neckline make our sleeveless pullover top an instant chic favorite. v-neck sleeveless approx. 28⅝-30 9/16 length polyester/spandex washable imported
With a myriad of drill and driver bits, this versatile cordless screwdriver set is perfect for almost any job around the house. forward/reverse switch automatic spindle lock LED work light on head power-use indicator soft grip for comfort 24 screwdriver and drill bits Plastic/metal. Imported.
What it is:A stunningly beautiful and intensely pigmented nail color.Purchase 3 Ciaté Mini Paint Pots for the price of $18 ($24 value)!STEP 1: Add 3 Ciaté Mini Paint Pots to your cart.STEP 2: A $6 discount will be automatically applied (one discount per order; discount not applicable for orders shipping outside the U.S.).What it does:Bringing you the best of the best from Ciaté London in super cute bite-size minis, mix and match to create your own bespoke nail look. This is the perfect excuse to experiment with color from the experts at Ciaté. With a wide selection of color, textures, 3D effects, and go-to essentials, there is something to suit every manicure. Get creative!Ciaté nail lacquers promote creativity, self-expression, and individuality through color. The sophisticated packaging inspires an incredibly artistic and effortless nail painting experience. The long handle provides you with the best strokes every time, while the 250-bristle flat brush guarantees a flawless, even finish. Ergonomically designed, the bottle’s handle sits comfortably in your hand for maximum control. What it is formulated without:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:Ciaté is increasingly garnering a respected reputation as a nail color innovator and gaining a cult following with press, bloggers, and nail polish lovers worldwide. Season to season, Ciaté combines inspirations from the best in beauty, fashion, science, and design with their knowledge and obsession with anything involving nails and color to produce incredible nail polishes. Ciaté Paint Pots are free of formaldehyde, toluene, dibutyl phthalate, formaldehyde resin, and camphor.Suggested Usage:-Sweep one or two thin coats of your chosen Ciaté Paint Pot onto clean oil-free nails and allow to dry for two minutes before applying Ciaté Speed Coat for a quick-drying and longer lasting high-definition gloss finish.Size:0.17 ozIngredients​Butyl Acetate, Ethyl Acetate, Nitrocellulose, Phthalic Anhydride/Trimellitic Anhydride/Glycols Copolymer, Acetyl Tributyl Citrate, Isopropyl Alcohol, Stearalkonium Bentonite, Triphenyl Phosphate, N-Butyl Alcohol, Styrene/Acrylates Copolymer, Silica, Benzophenone-1, Diacetone Alcohol, Trimethylpentanediyl Dibenzoate, Polyvinyl Butyral, Alumina.
Our bi-stretch pants get a sporty update with a classic cargo pocket styling and a ribbed-knit waistband. relaxed fit straight leg elastic waistband with drawstring front patch pockets side-seam pocket with flap ribbed-waistband trim 31 inseam polyester washable imported
This strong and durable storage chest keeps your tabletop set looking like new when not in use.   designed to store your tabletop set window cutout allows contents inside to be seen box is made of red canvas and accented with green trim riveted handles support weight up to 25lbs. Measures 19x15x4H. Imported.
Our animal print faux-fur jacket—featuring double-breasted styling and a stand collar—is just the ticket for those days you're feeling feisty. 2 front welt pockets 32 length polyester/acrylic/wool/other fibers polyester lining machine wash, line dry imported
  Get your beauty sleep with this 4 sculpted topper featuring gel memory foam that absorbs pressure and channels heat away to prevent sleep disturbances by keeping you cool.     comfortable, cooling gel memory foam 4 sculpted topper   Polyurethane foam. Spot clean. Made in America.       Twin topper: 38x74x4 Full topper: 53x74x4 Queen topper: 59x79x4 King topper: 75x79x4 Cal. King topper: 71x83x4 Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
Our multitasking, blackout, striped curtain panel not only keeps your room dark when you want extra sleep but also reduces outside noise and ensures extra privacy.   great alternative to vertical blinds subtle striped design 8 easy-to-slide grommets 3 bottom hem Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 1½ in diameter. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  note: curtain lining will match purchased color.
In gleaming Platinaire®, this sophisticated bridal set features a curvy engagement ring with a round diamond that’s flanked by smaller round diamonds. The accompanying wedding band carries 15 rounddiamonds. Inside lies a lab-created blue sapphire to serve as her “something blue.”   Metal: Rhodium-plated Platinaire (a blend of sterling silver and 5% platinum) Stones: ⅜ ct. t.w. diamonds, including, ¼ ct. round center diamond Other Stone: Lab-created blue sapphire Color: I-J Clarity: l2 Setting: Prong and bezel Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Head outdoors in just about any weather in our wind- and water-resistant soft shell jacket from Champion with a fleece lining and four-way stretch fabric for ease of movement during all your activities. wind and water resistant water repellent 360 degrees of reflectivity mockneck zip front raglan sleeves adjustable Velcro® tabs at sleeve cuffs hidden bungee drawcord at hem exterior zippered pockets and sleeve pocket interior smart pocket and media portal 25 length from shoulder woven polyester shell bonded polyester fleece lining washable imported
Her girly side is apparent in this floral romper with scalloped lace vest. open-front vest rayon romper; cotton/polyester vest machine wash, dry flat vest; hand wash, dry flat romper imported
For a summery treat any time of the year, this countertop appliance makes a single-serve snow cone with ease.   red, Coca-Cola themed detail for nostalgic design ideal for parties and warm-weather fun convenient countertop model stainless steel shaving blades works with standard-sized ice cubes includes reusable plastic cone easy to use and clean Plastic/stainless steel. Measures 7x7½x12H. Hand wash removable parts; clean top housing with a dry cloth. Imported.   
Add poetic style to your bedroom with this duvet cover set highlighted with paisley and floral designs. unique paisley design with floral details gray and white design with solid gray on back cotton duvet cover and shams washable full/queen duvet cover: 86x90 imported 3-piece sets include: duvet cover 2 shams Full/queen sets include standard shams.
Featuring a soft, flexible design that’s both sturdy and style-right, our warm-weather approved sandals are designed to keep you moving forward on even your most active days. technology shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern rubber sole twists and folds to take pressure off the foot construction faux-leather upper rubber sole details slip-on entry 1 heel suede sock cushioned footbed crescent-shaped buckle accents
Multicolor bead clusters on these silver-tone drop earrings will be a beautiful addition to any look. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Multicolor beadsBack: WireDimensions: 1x1.5  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our short-sleeve flag screen tee will leave you feeling pretty and patriotic. crewneck short sleeves approx. 26 length 100% cotton washable imported
Musc is at the heart of for her. The fragrant harmony of the musc expresses itself through three pulsations: honey flower, radiant amber, and tactile wood. This fragrant harmony develops gently and slowly, rounding into warm tones of sunkissed skin, dusted in soft, velvety sensuality.Notes:Pink Chypre, Pink Floral, Voluptuous Woods, Soft Amber, Sheer Chypre, Flower Honey, Tactile Woods, Amber Light.Style:Seductive. Feminine. Velvety. Size6.7 oz
Adorned with embroidery, screen-printed and appliqued graphics in construction themes, this bodysuit and pants set will have him looking too cute for words. includes 2 bodysuits and pants nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel expandable shoulders short sleeves no-pinch elastic waistband 100% cotton washable imported
Add a woven jacquard design to your bedroom with this curtain panel pair that coordinates perfectly with the Augusta comforter set. 2 header; 1 side hem; 2 bottom hem includes two 27x4” tiebacks lined for an enhanced weight and feel Measures 80x84L. Panels are sold in pairs; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Valance sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Polyester with polyester lining. Washable. Imported.
Raise a glass for years to come with our modern stemware, elegantly designed with a silver- or gold-plated rim and free personalization. set of 2 each holds 7-oz.; 3x3x13.5H may be engraved with one custom line (max 16 characters) 100% lead-free glass hand wash only imported
Your little princess will sparkle right down to her toes in our glittery, Frozen-themed athletic shoes. construction synthetic/polyester upper EVA sole details self-adhesive closure slip-resistant design
Polish off your look with this cute charm necklace, featuring black chalcedony, flower and dragonfly pendants.   Metal: Rhodium-plated-silver-plated brass Stones: Dyed black chalcedony    Closure: Spring-ring Dimension: 18″ chain plus 2″ extender   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Providing both cool and warm humidification, this state-of-the-art humidifier utilizes an ultrasonic system with room humidity indicators for superior control and comfort.   LCD screen with digital controls and 3 smart preset modes 3 adjustable speeds automatic shutoff when tank is empty or humidity reaches 90 percent removable 1½-gallon water tank and 360° steam diffuser humidifies up to 500 square feet Plastic. Measures 10x10x16H. Hand wash. Imported.
Softened by its luxurious fiber-filled back and fashionable tapered feet, this track-arm sofa features clean, rectangular styling elements and a handsome finish that stands out in any space.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery premium elastic webbing cushions filled with polyurethane foam and a bonded polyester comfort layer removable feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 82Wx38Dx35H overall with a 19 seat height, 22 seat depth and 18 seat back height. Imported. All colors are Custom Order except Vintage Sahara. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.
Sunny days will be brighter when she's in this sleeveless graphic sundress by Okie Dokie. roundneck approx. 19¾-22¾ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Just add a pair of jeans to this raglan tee for a totally laid-back look he'll love.   crewneck rib-knit collar cotton/polyester washable made in America
Dockers Signature wrinkle-free khakis look great straight from the dryer. Classic, straight and slim fits offer comfort around the clock.   classic fit sits at the waist eased at the seat, hips and thighs flat front expandable waist straight legs polyester twill washable imported
With combed cotton for comfort, these blue-and-white polka dot and striped men’s crew socks are an essential accent for any outfit.   cotton/polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 7-12
Shake up the trail in our lightweight running shoes that provide extra comfort and cushioning to keep you on the road. technology EVA midsole provides cushioning and comfort Coolmax™ memory foam with moisture-wicking insole provides extra comfort and keeps your feet cool and dry construction breathable leather/mesh/synthetic upper lightweight rubber sole provides traction details lace up low profile overlays provide a lightweight structure quarter features colored graphic underlay and welded logo
What it is:A delicately fragranced body wash to soothe the skin.What it is formulated to do:This soothing body wash is formulated with Moroccan rose otto oil, one of the world’s most luxurious and admired essential oils, and is perfect for use in the shower or bath. The exquisite scent of rose is known for its stress relieving and harmonizing properties, leaving skin nice and soft and you completely calm. Suggested Usage:-Use as a body wash in the shower or bath. Size6.8 oz Ingredients​-Rose Otto Oil Moroccan Rose: Hydrates, reduces inflammation, relieves stress, and soothes.-Prebiotic Oligosaccharide Natural Sugar: Protects and maintains the skin’s defence barrier by supporting the good bacteria.-Neroli Flower Water Extract: Cleanses, refreshes, and purifies.-Chamomile Flower Water Extract: Calms and soothes.Rosa Damascena Flower Water, Glycerin, Decyl Glucoside, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Xanthan Gum, Polysorbate 20, Panthenol, Fragrance*, Rosa Damascena Flower Oil, Cymbopogon Martini Oil, Pelargonium Graveolens Flower Oil, Linalool, Geraniol, Citronellol, Sodium Lauroyl Oat Aminoacids, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Hydroxymethylglycinate, Citrus Grandis (Grapefruit) Seed Extract, Lactic Acid, Ethylhexylglycerin.*100% Natural fragrance.
A pink dial adds feminine appeal to this classic bracelet-style watch.Brand: GenevaDial Color: PinkStrap: Silver-tone metalClasp: FoldoverMovement: QuartzCase Width: 38mmCase Thickness: 10mmBracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 18mm wideModel No.: FMDJM166Special Features: Adjustable band   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
true With this LG microwave oven you're sure to get the power you need and the beautiful, easy-to-clean look you desire. The EasyClean interior makes wiping up accidental messes a breeze, while the QuietPower ventilation system quietly and effectively removes smoke and lingering odors from your kitchen for an enhanced experience. 2.0 cu. ft. oven capacity is perfect for heating a variety of dishes with ease 1000 watts deliver thorough cooking results 10 power levels for powerful cooking flexibility carbon-coated charcoal filtration venting system QuietPower Ventilation 400 CFM exhaust fan with 3 power levels (Turbo, High, Low) for quietly and efficiently removing odor and smoke control SmoothTouch™ LED glass controls located at the bottom of the microwave door for a sleek look that's easy to use EasyClean® interior lets you enjoy fast, high-performance cleaning inside and out without using chemicals 14.2 turntable bi-level cooking rack for added flexibility auto, time and rapid defrost provide added flexibility for thawing foods from the fridge or freezer melt-and-soften feature uses a low-wattage setting to melt or soften butter, cream cheese or chocolate without boiling or scorching Sensor Cooking technology determines when food is cooked and automatically turns off the appliance to prevent over- or under-cooking child lock setting enables you to deactivate the keypad, preventing the oven from being accidentally started incandescent cooktop lighting and nightlight option provide illumination above the range for added convenience 29x16x15
Avoid the accessory conundrum with our delightfully complete Alfred Dunner shell, blouse and included necklace. crewneck with necklace 3/4 sleeves rayon/nylon washable imported
This cheeseboard swivels open to showcase 3 stainless steel cheese tools.   stem-and-leaves-shaped bottle stopper stores in a small hollow at the top of the board sapele wood inlays Rubberwood. Measures 8¼ x10¼ x1¾H. Imported.
Make a statement by adding these glitzy heels to your ensemble for a stylish take on a subtle metallic sparkle. synthetic upper and outsole ½ hidden platform closed toe pump
Experience day-to-night glamor every time you wear our open-toe pumps. They'll make any event memorable. synthetic upper 4¼ heel open-toe styling soft padding flexible rubber sole
Your little guy will be good to go in our fun graphic tee. You may want more than one of these easy-care essentials. crewneck electric lime
K-Cups in your favorite flavors let you start off or end the day on a great note.    fits any Keurig® single-cup brewing system pre-measured, individually sealed mini brewers make the perfect cup no grinding or filters required Made in America.
Stay cool, comfortable and on-trend in our Arizona shorts featuring colorful floral embroidery, raw hem and nonstop eye appeal.●    shank and zipper closure●    belt loops●    5 pockets●    3¾ inseam●    cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Add a cozy layer without the bulk with this lightweight French terry pullover top from Levi’s. crewneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported 
Product Description Features: Multi-Function Age Group: Mens Band Content: Leather Band Color: Brown Watch Movement: Quartz Dial Color: Brown
Our Liz Claiborne one-piece swimsuit adds excitement to your swimwear collection while keeping it real with a figure-flattering fit. adjustable tank sweetheart neckline removable, built-in bra shirred front panel lined nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
A fun crisscross strap design adds charm to these satin high heel sandals, while an adjustable top buckle ensures a secure fit. synthetic upper 3¾ heel crisscross upper strap detail adjustable buckle synthetic sole
This 4-piece pajama set, featuring fun allover printed graphics, will be fun for bedtime mix-and-matching and cozy slumber. includes short-sleeve top, long-sleeve top and 2 pants ribbed cuffs no-pinch elastic waistband 100% cotton washable imported For child’s safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
She'll love the super comfortable, relaxed feel and fit of our performance capris from Xersion. polyester/spandex washable imported
Pair this tri-toned woven shirt with jeans for easy style any day of the week. point collar button front short sleeves left chest pocket rounded hem 100% cotton washable imported
Take a break from jeans and get comfortable in our stretchy pull-on jeggings, featuring Secretly Slender technology. Secretly Slender technology features a built-in panel to flatten and instantly slim your tummy cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 30 inseam petite: 27 inseam
Stylish and sophisticated—it’s got Liz written all over it. This bracelet sports the Liz Claiborne logo—what better way to add some everyday chic to your look. Metal: Gold-tone metal Dimensions: 1x7.06 circumference Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Featuring an elegant crown-molded top with a clear glass door, this corner wall cabinet opens up your bathroom while providing plenty of room for essentials. solid MDF construction wood dowel, camlock and screw joinery cabinet door opens to 1 fixed shelf chrome-finished hardware Measures 23Wx15Dx24H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; screwdriver needed. Imported.
Expert swirl patterns bring a flourish of beauty to this men's wedding band. Band also features a comfort fit for a better feel on the hand.     Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K white gold Width: 8mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Let the polished silhouette of our double-waistband trouser pants polish up your workday look. classic fit mid rise bootcut leg hook-and-bar zip fly closure non-functional pockets 30 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Reach new heights of style in these faux-cork wedges with floral-textured fabric straps.   canvas/cotton upper adjustable buckle closure open toe faux-cork wedge
Display your faith in your own style with this stainless steel dog tag pendant.   Metal: Black and gray stainless steel Metal Color: Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 24 bead chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our delightfully pretty Knit Works 3-piece set will instantly be a favorite for her with a ruffle tank top, lace overlay skorts and a pretty matching necklace. necklace included scoopneck sleeveless crochet lace skirt overlay top: polyester lining polyester/rayon skirt/skort: polyester washable imported 
Shaky beads add movement to this already noticeable Y necklace.   Metal: Gray-tone metal Stones: Glass and acrylic beads Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 18 long chain with 3 extension   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This sleek dress belt from Stafford does the work of two belts, saving you space and money.   1⅓ wide reverses black/brown simulated leather upper bonded leather lining imported Note: For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Give your table setting a textured foundation with this tablecloth featuring a globally inspired, contemporary motif and damask weave.   elegant, subtle tonal pattern durable, easy-care polyester fabric coordinating placemats and napkins sold separately Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Fun and frilly, our sleeveless ruffle-front blouse is perfectly suited for your style. roundneck 27 length polyester washable imported
Marrying understated style with design accents reminiscent of the American Craftsman era, this student desk is a handsome workspace solution for the scholar in your home.   poplar and metal construction with oak veneers distressed oak finish butt-joint joinery drop-down center drawer with keyboard tray and full-extension side metal glides brown metal pull handles Measures 42Wx24Dx31H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.
Enjoy a chardonnay, pinot grigio or other favorite in sparklingly clear wine glasses that resist cracking and holds up wash after wash.   machine blown in Parma, Italy made of durable SON.hyx glass lead-free set of 4 Lead-free glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Sleep comfortably, knowing that you can attend to baby quickly in this front-closure sleep nursing bra.    soft stretchy fabric front closure for midnight feedings securely holds nursing pad in place  cotton/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
The skinny leg of our jeans gives you a sleek look, while the flex denim allows the jeans to move with you and retain their shape.   slim fit sits low on waist zip-and-button closure 5-pocket styling flat front cotton/spandex washable imported
Control your core while perfecting your curves in our high-waist shaping briefs by Naomi & Nicole.   silicone grips keep shapewear in place tummy control shapes and smoothes hips no lines, no ride up nylon/spandex washable imported manufacturer’s style #775  
Warner's Without a Stitch briefs provide the ultimate fit and coverage.   silky microfiber fabric       no muffin top nylon/elastane washable imported
A classic domed design that looks handsome on any guy, this men's wedding ring with comfort fit styling has no beginning and no end, a perfect symbol of eternal love. Designed with a rounded comfort fit interior that slides on easily and avoids pinching. Engrave inside of the band and make it truly personal.Metal: Sterling silverDimensions: 4mm widePersonalize: Up to 25 characters (including spaces) in Script MT Bold fontJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Men's no-iron pants from Haggar Work-to-Weekend feature an expandable waist that expands up to 3 to deliver effortless style and comfort all day, every day.     denim available in light stonewash and dark stonewash only classic fit sits on waist standard rise the most room through the seat and thigh relaxed through the leg wrinkle-resistant no-iron fabric flat front hidden expandable waistband expands up to 3 for maximum comfort button-through back pockets tapered legs cotton washable imported
For men with modern style, nothing tops the clean curves of this handsome watch. Nonreflective black ion plays nicely against the shine of gold-tone, featuring luminous hands and date display.   Brand: Pulsar® Dial Color: Black ion Strap: Black ion stainless steel Clasp: Push-button release clasp Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 44mm Case Thickness: 10mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8” long, 22mm to 20mm wide taper Model No.: PS9273 Special Features: black ion dial, black ion stainless steel bracelet, gold-tone hands and markers, date display, luminous hands, 5 ATM water resistance   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The comfort of a flip flop plus the height of a wedge with a smattering of stones makes our sassy wedges irresistible. polyurethane upper with stones EVA outer sole 
A straight up classic. The 505™ Straight Fit Jeans feature a flattering mid rise and are comfortable through the hip and thigh with a straight leg.   mid rise comfortable fit through the hip and thigh straight leg with 16 opening 9⅞ front rise; 14½back rise cotton/elastane legacy: cotton/polyester/viscose/elastane washable imported misses average: 32 inseam misses long: 34 inseam  
Stay comfortable and looking great all day with these sandals that are crafted in luxurious leather. technology Cushion Soft technology offers softness you can feel from your first step, long-lasting comfort and fit with minimal cushion compression optimal breathability via open-cell technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed absorbs impact and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction leather upper EVA sole details strappy open-toe design adjustable hook-and-loop closure fabric lining
Our loose-weave striped sweater is the perfect look for the cooler months. approx. 26½ - 28 length 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
Keep foods fresh and ready to go with this 24-piece airtight canister set featuring a variety of sizes and colored seals.   snap-lock lid with silicone seal opens and shuts easily BPA-free polypropylene construction microwave, dishwasher and freezer safe 24-piece set includes: four 2-cup rectangular canisters with lids four 4½-cup rectangular canisters with lids two 1.3-cup square canisters with lids two ½-cup mini round canisters with lids Plastic. Manufacturer’s lifetime warranty. Made in America
Our men's basketball shorts from Nike deliver lightweight performance and bold style. Made with a textured Dri-FIT sweat-wicking fabric, the shorts offer a secure, lightweight fit that optimizes mobility. Dri-FIT fabric elastic waistband with drawstring sits at waist flat front on-seam pockets 9 inseam polyester washable imported
This handy bag resealer helps preserve foods'  freshness by creating an airtight seal.   easy to use; simply slide sealer along edge of bag to lock in flavor saves money and reduces waste caused by disposable storage bags magnetic base to keep it easily accessible on fridge includes one red and one blue resealer and protective cover ABS plastic. Each resealer measures 3¾x1½x1¾H and uses 2 AA batteries (not included). Use protective cover for heating pads when not in use. Imported.    
Add a little height to your flip flop selection with our vibrant embellished wedges. leather upper with embellishment cushioned sole EVA outsole
Our tee features colorblocking for a cool look that's perfect for everyday wear. crewneck short sleeves regular fit cotton/polyester washable imported
Nothing can enhance a bubbling glass of champagne more than high-quality champagne flutes made in Italy from ultra-clear and break-resistant glass.   machine blown in Italy glass made from Luigi Bormioli’s SON.hyx® formula lead-free glass each glass has 6¾-ounce capacity set of 6 Glass. Each glass measures 9¼”H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Our amusing holiday sweatshirt gives you one more reason to look forward to the Christmas season. cotton/polyester washable imported
Your game is in good hands with these basketball shorts from adidas, featuring climalite® technology to help keep you comfortably dry. climalite moisture-wicking fabric relaxed fit elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets 10 inseam polyester washable imported
Keep your style authentic in this heathered burnout tee from Levi’s. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported  
Add some fun to your professional style in our sleeveless print sheath dress. roundneck sleeveless back zip 35⅔ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Live the island life no matter where you are in our soft silk jacquard camp shirt.  v-neck with camp collar button front left chest pocket short sleeves 100% silk washable imported
Our short-sleeve stripe sweater is one of the season's best bets to pair with pants, capris and shorts. crewneck short sleeves 22½-24 front length rayon/nylon machine wash, dry flat imported
Twin gores and comfort technology by Nunn Bush gives our dress shoes the perfect fit while an absorbent lining keeps you comfortable all day long.   technology Dynamic Comfort's advanced cushioning materials provide exceptional comfort to the foot construction full-grain leather upper rubber sole details slip on polyester lining
What it is: A blush duo in one compact for endless cheek looks.What it does:These dual-intensity, silky, wet or dry blushes are uniquely formulated with NARS’ exclusive Translucent Prismatic Technology, which allows for multidimensional effects. With a lightweight texture for a flawless finish and true color application, each duo features two ultra-modern shades that can be worn alone or layered together for limitless looks. Apply these shades wet to achieve a high-impact flush or dry to get a natural-looking glow.Suggested Usage:-Apply dry for a silky transparent veil of color. -Apply wet with a dampened brush for a high-impact second-skin glow that instantly blends into skin.-Blend both shades together for a multidimensional glow.Size:0.21 oz
Our easy-on shoes will work with nearly any outfit, while the bow makes them that much cuter.  synthetic upper slip-on front bow spot clean synthetic sole
Get your handsome little guy ready in snap and looking cute in this versatile cotton bodysuit set featuring fun bulldog graphics and embroidered slogan.  includes striped long-sleeve bodysuit, short-sleeve bodysuit, and pants expandable shoulders no-pinch elastic waist nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
Our sleeveless lace skater dress features a gorgeous mesh inset and built-in bra that will quickly make this a warm-weather favorite. roundneck sleeveless back zipper and button 35 length from shoulder lined lace 100% cotton washable imported
You'll be searching out graham crackers and chocolate in our Stay Puft tee.  crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Add a touch of Frozen magic to any casual look with this colorful, long-sleeve graphic tee. crewneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Features: Analog, Arabic numerals, gold- and silver-tone dial, Westminster/Whittington chime, quarter-hour and hourly chimes, volume control Battery Operated: Yes, 2 AA batteries included Base Materials: Solid oak Dimensions: 414x299.7x172.7mm
Featuring a distressed upper with beautiful embroidery and pull holes on the shaft for easy on, our long-lasting boots showcase Western flair. synthetic upper pull on 1 heel 8½ shaft height rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
Our a.n.a® jeggings gives you the look of super skinny jeans that you love to pair with your favorite tops. flat front back pockets 31 inseam cotton/Lyocell/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our flannel Arizona shirt jacket layers on like a button front while providing a lot more warmth. point collar snap front long sleeves 2 front pockets with snap flaps handwarmer pockets rounded hem shell 100% cotton lining: polyester washable imported
With a dynamic arch bridge for a compression fit, these are the perfect socks to keep up with your active lifestyle.   ribbed cuffs for durability and snug fit reinforced heel and toe cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 8-12 package of 3 pairs
Featuring screen-printed graphics with flocking detail, this Disney Collection tee is sure to fit into her wardrobe seamlessly. short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Pair these sweet cowboy boots with your favorite jeans for a classic look that's all your own. technology oil-, slip- and heat-resistant sole construction nylon upper rubber sole details 11 shaft height pull on moisture-wicking lining cushioned insole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
From your computer to your favorite book, store everything you need to get from A to B in this stylish carry-on tote bag constructed of heavy-duty fabric.   U-top opening provides easy access to main zipper secured compartment  2 front zipper secured compartments 4 exterior compartments adjustable ergonomic shoulder strap heavy-duty 600-denier fabric Polyester. Measures 19x10x11H. Spot clean. Imported.
Have an extra sheet handy for those unexpected crib changes with this sheet set featuring a colorful desert theme and your little one's favorite lion. includes 2 sheets sheet 1: diamond pattern sheet 2: all over Simba print fits 28x52 crib mattress cotton/polyester washable imported
With the look of the classics you can never go wrong; which is why our Liz Claiborne button-front shirt is a huge hit for work and weekend. v-neck with collar 3/4 sleeves approx. 25 length cotton/Modal® washable imported  
You’ll be prepared for anything—business or pleasure—with this chronograph watch. Behind its multifunction dial is high-performing quartz movement, keeping everything running on time.   Brand: Citizen Dial Color: Black Strap: Stainless steel Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Model No.: AN8130-53E Special Features: Date display; stopwatch; 12/24-hour time   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Show off your casual-chic look with the vintage-inspired details and on-trend silhouette of our peplum crochet blouse. long sleeves roundneck loop-and-button closure approx. 23¼ - 24½ front length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
  These rugged boots are not only water resistant, they’re also comfortable thanks to a memory foam insole and padded collar.   Thermabuck/water-resistant upper Flexastride memory foam insole round toe lace up padded collar rubber sole imported
Perfect for any casual or formal occasion, these handsomely designed oxfords are a showcase in versatility. synthetic upper lace up cotton canvas lining rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
A little weathering on the graphic gives a worn-in comfort to this ringer tank, featuring the superhero logo you know and love. scoopneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Naturally inviting, this charming dinnerware set brings a touch of nature to your tabletop with its branch design and soothing warm colors.   reactive glaze finish stackable and lightweight for easy storage smooth finish microwave safe 16-piece set includes: four 10¼ dinner plates four 8¾ salad plates four 22-ounce soup/cereal bowls four 12-ounce mugs Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Black Hills Gold watch is stunning with a white powder-coated expansion band accented with 12K rose and green gold leaves and 10K yellow gold grapes. A sparkling diamond accent marks the time at 12 o'clock.   Brand: Black Hills Gold® Metal: 12K gold leaf accents and 10K gold grapes Stone: Diamond accent Dial Color: White Bracelet: Gold-tone metal expansion band with white powder coating Movement: Quartz Case Width: 1 Case Thickness: .25 Bracelet Dimensions: Approx. .8mm wide Model No.: 9-WB138-WHT Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These chic slingback pumps are a gorgeous addition to your shoe collection. With a faux-leather outsole and sleek heel, they look fabulous with your favorite pair of skinny jeans or sheath dress. synthetic upper 2 3/8” heel slingback with adjustable strap rubber sole
Experiment with new recipes or stick to your grandma’s favorite while whipping up your own waffles in this flip waffle maker. It lets you control how well-done each batch is for a perfect breakfast (or snack) every time.   nonstick cooking plate for easy cleanup 180° rotating function for even cooking browning control knob drip tray to catch spills or crumbs folding handle for convenient storage simple indicator functions for ‘power’ and ‘ready’ provide foolproof performance 1000 watts. Aluminum/plastic/metal. Wipe clean. UL listed. Imported.
Adorned with breezy waves of teals and beiges, this hand towel adds a refreshingly modern touch to your bathroom. easy-care cotton fabric beautiful embroidered design Cotton. Measures 16x25. Washable. Imported. Care tip: Some lint may be observed in the first few launderings of towels, and will diminish with each subsequent laundering. This does not affect the look, feel or performance of your towels. Please follow the recommended care instructions on the label and keep the lint trap clean on your dryer.
Soft and comfortable with its tagless design, this tee from Wolverine will be the first shirt you grab out of the clean laundry. regular fit crewneck ribbed collar tagless short sleeves cotton washable imported
Our tank top features a racerback style and a cool graphic print for the perfect warm-weather casual look. scoopneck racerback graphic print 27.5-29.75 length polyester/rayon washable imported
A true blue beauty. An inspired alternative to traditional studs, these gorgeous earrings showcase cushion-cut genuine blue topaz below round and tapered baguette white sapphires for an amazing rush of sparkle.Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: 5mm cushion-cut genuine blue topazOther Stones: 2.8mm tapered baguette and 1.8mm round lab-created white sapphiresSetting: Prong and channelBack: FrictionDimensions: 5x9.5mm long Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our tank top features striped lace details on the front for added feminine charm.  roundneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Wear these swim trunks from the beach to the sand volleyball court and then relax in the cabana. regular fit moisture-wicking fabric elastic waist with drawstring 8 inseam 2 mesh side pockets nylon washable imported
Featuring a timeless flannel exterior with cozy, Sherpa lining, this hybrid layering piece combines the look and versatility of a shirt with the warmth of a lightweight jacket. long sleeves snap front 2 chest pockets exterior: 100% cotton lining: polyester washable imported  
With bright color and easy comfort, this tank just might become her new go-to top. pink and orange: polyester aqua green, neon kiwi, white and black: cotton/polyester washable imported
You'll feel elegant and feminine when you go out in our loose and flowy flutter-sleeve popover top by Alyx, which features a darling accompanying necklace. scoopneck short sleeves 26½ length popover: polyester tank: rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
You'll never be left searching for the perfect pair of sparkling stud earrings with this 3-pair cubic zirconia and silver-tone earring set. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Cubic zirconiaBack: PostDimensions: .32x.68 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Whether he's hanging around the house or heading to school, this classic graphic tee will keep him comfortable and looking good. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton vivid yellow: cotton/polyester washable imported
Our Henry Ferrera rain boots give you the freedom to kick up your heels, even in inclement weather. rubber upper sweater cuff 1 heel 13 shaft height 14 shaft circumference lug rubber outer sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Colorful back pocket embroidery transforms casual style from everyday drab to must-have fab. adjustable button hole with elastic waist snap closure 5-pocket styling embroidered back pockets ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our raglan tee features cap sleeves with lace detail and comes in a variety of bright and neutral hues to complement your personal style. roundneck cap sleeves lace detail approx. 26 5/8-28¼ length body: linen/polyester lace: cotton/lace machine wash, dry flat imported
Add a pop of fresh color to your bathroom with this plush microfiber stripe decorative bath rug. slip resistant absorbs water, dries quickly fade resistant non-skid latex backing polyester washable imported
You'll make a statement in our fitted floral scuba dress with cold-shoulder design. approx. 39 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Jamie suede slouch boots are soft, supple and simply stunning. Whether you pair them with skinny jeans or a miniskirt, you're sure to turn heads. suede upper 1⅕ heel 8¾ shaft pull on cushioned insole rubber sole 
Embrace the comfort and elegance of our Playtex wireless bra, featuring a seamless design that shapes, smoothes and supports your natural shape. full-figure seamless 2 layer cups prevent show-through                soft lace panels provide extra side support                comfort strap design relieves shoulder stress             lacy spanette back stretches for flexible fit                M-frame design for support               hook-and-eye back closures    nylon machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #4395B
With a modern patterned background, this Nike tee puts a new spin on the classic Just Do It slogan. crewneck 100% cotton washable imported
These cotton-rich dress socks offer all-day comfort and style for your workday. reinforced toe cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12½
Classically designed with an adjustable strap and traditional heel, our Mary Janes complete her dressy look. synthetic upper approx. 1 heel rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
Keep your workout going strong in these print compression capris with Quick-Dri moisture wicking fabric and no chafe seams for lasting comfort. credit card pocket in waistband 1 1/2 elastic waistband with drawcord Misses: 19½ inseam Tall: 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Nike socks have cushioned soles, reinforced heels and toes as well as moisture-wicking cotton that helps keep your feet dry and comfortable. moisture-wicking fabric heel and toe protection cushioned sole cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size
Slim and smooth your silhouette in our Jockey boyshorts, featuring a seamless style that looks sleek under your clothes. nylon/spandex washable imported manufacturer’s style #4136  
Turn heads in our flirty halter swing dress. fully lined approx. 35 1/2-37 1/2 length from shoulder polyester; polyester lining washable imported
Stay a step ahead of the weather in this full-zip cotton hoodie from The Foundry Supply Co.™, available in a variety of rich, seasonal colors. big and tall fit hood with drawstring zip front long sleeves handwarmer pockets rib-knit cuffs and hem cotton/polyester washable imported
You will look lovely in our sleeveless crochet lace dress, featuring a high scoopneck, princess seams and a scalloped hem.  high scoopneck sleeveless 38 length from shoulder nyon/spandex machine wash, line dry made in America
Fired at a high temperature to keep out moisture, odor and colors, our boat-shaped serving bowls are great for any meal.  set of 4 chip resistant microwaveable and freezer safe oven-safe up to 400⁰F porcelain each measures 9.88x4.88x3.5H dishwasher safe imported
Whether you're hitting the gym or just your daily routine, our T10 performance pants feature a flattering tapered fit. regular fit tapered leg elastic waistband 32 inseam polyester washable imported
Get more performance out of your swimwear with these e-board shorts from Speedo, featuring a sun-blocking, quick-drying microfiber fabric. Block the Burn® UPF 50+ sun protection VaporPLUS™ quick-drying fabric relaxed fit Velcro® fly with drawstring side-seam pockets interior key pocket cargo pocket mesh liner 10 inseam polyester washable imported
A modern take on a traditional kids design, our flexible and lightweight running shoes promote a natural stride with traction and durability. construction nylon mesh/synthetic upper synthetic/rubber sole details lace up
Offer the ultimate in comfort at your table every night with this memory foam chair cushion that combines traditional looks with advanced technology.   relieves pressure points measures 14.6x2x17 Polyester with polyurethane fill. Washable cover; spot clean insert. Imported.
Designed specially for serving large groups or catering, Nesco's 18-quart roaster oven has a stainless steel body and a stainless steel cookwell. removable stainless steel cookwell designed especially for the demands of commercial food preparation and volume cooking delivers long-lasting, commercial-level performance nonporous surface resists scratching and won't corrode, stain or chip cleans easily—even baked-on foods large 18-quart capacity AC. Stainless steel. Measures 24x12½x15½H. Base is dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Our mid-length slipshort panties are ultra-lightweight and offer a cooling feel under your clothing so you can stay confident and comfortable all day.●    nylon/spandex/cotton●    washable●    imported●    style #2113  
Add a flirty accent to your look with these wedges featuring a braided strap and cork-look details. canvas/cotton upper 3½ wedge heel adjustable ankle strap textile sole
Stripe-filled letters give the classic Star Wars logo a fresh, new look on this raglan-sleeve tee with contrasting ringer crewneck. Only at JCPenney crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported  
With its ultra feminine, flowy style, our sleeveless top with necklace will elevate every outfit you assemble.  v-neck sleeveless 25 length overlay: polyester tank: rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Classic style and comfortable pique cotton will keep our short-sleeve polo at the top of the everyday essentials list.  roundneck short sleeves placket button closure 28-29½ length cotton/spandex trim: 100% cotton washable imported
Brighten up any outfit with these classic leverback earrings, featuring genuine citrine set in 14k yellow gold.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 6mm trillion-cut heat-treated genuine citrine Setting: Prong Back: Leverback Dimensions: 6x18mm   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
An alternative to jeans and dresses, these essential pants give her a polished look that's slightly dressy, always comfortable.   2 front pockets creased legs a touch of spandex for a flattering fit polyester/rayon/spandex; polyester/cotton waistband lining machine wash, line dry imported
These jogger pants from Adidas have a tapered leg so nothing distracts from the movement of your feet. Game on. regular fit elastic waistband and drawstring sits at waist flat front side pockets polyester washable imported
With this skillet set, you’ll always have a pair of stovetop essentials on hand, meaning you can prepare foods like an herbed egg white omelette and turkey bacon at the same time.   polished stainless steel exterior offers stove-to-oven-to-table performance impact-bonded aluminum base provides even, quick heating nonstick cooking surface reduces abrasion from utensils and delivers extraordinary food release stainless steel handles are double-riveted for strength suitable for all stovetops, including induction oven safe up to 500°F 2-piece set includes: 8½ skillet 10 skillet Stainless steel/aluminum. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
With ClimaLite moisture-wicking control, our cushioned quarter socks feature extended arch compression for greater support during those long workouts. package of 3 pairs ClimaLite construction welt cuffs for durability graduated stripe detail ring spun fabric polyester/cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 5-10
Add classic comfort to your look with the practical and the pretty together in our St. John's Bay cardigan. crewneck 3/4 sleeves approx. 27¼ length cotton/nylon washable imported
Accessorize with ease with this floral ruched scarf. acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
Featuring expandable shoulders and an embroidered slogan, this short-sleeve bodysuit is perfect for that sweet little lady in your life. nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
This pillow sham coordinates with the Toile Garden bedding collection. floral toile pillow sham features a scalloped flange and ties on one side reverses to stripes Sold individually. Cotton. Washable. Imported. 
The classic look of this navy striped suit takes him from playground mud warrior to the star of any formal event. includes jacket and pants notch-lapel jacket flat-front pants polyester dry clean only imported
Orange squares and rectangles add interest to these classic double-drop earrings.   Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Orange stonesBack: WireDimensions: ⅝ long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Complete your chicest looks with these elegant D’Orsay pumps from Journee Collection. faux leather upper 2.85 heel pointed toe padded footbed rubber sole
Drape your window in stunning beauty with this floral damask window valance. elegant damask pattern 3 rod pocket tassel trim Measures 50x26L. Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Our classic crewneck cable-knit sweater gets a casual update with a flatteringly comfortable fit. cotton/acrylic side slits high-low hem machine wash, dry flat imported misses: approx. 24½ - 29½ length petite: approx. 23 - 25 length
This comfortable, long-sleeve polo from IZOD is sure to ace any style pop quiz. rib-knit collar and cuffs 4-button placket cotton/polyester washable imported
What it is:A volumizing formula for flawlessly defined eyebrows and hair.What it does:The secret weapon for great brows, this volumizing formula is rich and ultrafine, making it ideal for filling in sparse brows. It seamlessly defines the arch without harsh lines, and comes in versatile shades that are infused with Amazonian clay and mineral pigments. The weightless and fine-grained powder clings to natural hair to abate surface oil, lock pigment in place, and camouflage roots and thinning hairlines.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:Tarte founder Maureen Kelly always says, “Leaving brows unfinished is like hanging a picture without the frame.” She created this volumizing product to be versatile and resolve a multitude of brow needs, from misshapen arches to over-plucking, over-waxing, discolored roots, grey hair, and thinning hair. With a few quick swipes of this multipurpose formula, unique concerns are addressed with a shade-matched hue for a natural-looking, weightless finish. Suggested Usage:-Apply with tarte's Frame Worker Double-Ended Brow Powder brush. Dip the angled, precision end into the Volumizing Brow Powder, and tap off excess before applying.-Trace a light line along your natural arch starting at the inner bottom corner.-Blend the powder upward into the brow in light strokes for a natural-looking, defined arch.-To fill in sparse areas on the brow and scalp, blend and sweep the powder with the fuller, denser end of the two-in-one brush.   Size0.1 oz      
Nike Advance cuffed fleece pants bring more style to your game with a modern, tapered fit and pops of neon. double-knit fleece is soft, light, warm and breathable rib-knit waist with drawstring 2 side zip pockets cuffed, rib-knit bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
Take on the cold in the coolest way possible in this classic, black leather jacket. midweight warmth zip front 2 handwarmer pockets interior pocket straight hem 100% leather professional leather clean only imported
This utensil drawer organizer keeps your knives, forks and spoons and other kitchen tools neatly stacked, even when the drawer is opening or closing. The additional space holds longer tools and gadgets for added storage.   expands to fit inside most kitchen drawers adjustable dividers organize more utensils in less space by allowing them to fit in opposite directions in one compartment change the location of the dividers to accommodate utensils of different shapes and sizes, or remove the dividers completely for open compartments pinch the side walls and slide in or out to adjust dividers nonslip feet keeps organizer in place Plastic. Measures 15¼x9¾x2H; expands from 9¾ to 16¼. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.  
Your beauty will be no illusion in our mesh-and-lace dress with an illusion sweetheart neckline. back zip and buttons 35 length from shoulder polyester/spandex polyester lining hand wash, dry flat imported
Our flat front shorts are made from cotton with a relaxed fit for the ultimate, comfortable feel.●    zip fly●    4 pockets●    relaxed fit●    cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Whether you want to snuggle up on the couch with your favorite movie or slip into an already toasty bed, wrap yourself in extra warmth with this heated blanket.   10 temperature settings extra-long cord automatic shutoff after 10 hours single control on twin and full sizes dual controls on queen and king sizes self hem Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: 62x84 Full: 72x84 Queen: 84x90 King: 100x90
You'll love skipping through your day in our fun and breezy flippy skirt by Worthington. back zip peplum hem mid-rise 15¾ length polyester washable imported
The chic, modern design and soothing earth tones of the Teagan comforter set make your bedroom the perfect destination for relaxing and recharging.   comforter features a pieced microsuede finish in ivory accented with taupe and brown textured sections includes all pieces necessary for a fully outfitted bed 7-piece comforter set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop 3 decorative pillows Queen set includes two standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include two king shams. Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt; washable. Polyester pillows with polyester fill; spot clean. Imported. Queen: comforter is 90x90 King: comforter is 104x92 Cal. King: comforter is 104x92
This button-front plaid shirt easily pairs with jeans, khakis and shorts for a variety of classic looks. point collar button front long sleeves chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
The Harmony flatware set features a classic design that can be used for all occasions—whether a formal affair, a weekend brunch or a casual dinner with friends and family. crafted of superior quality 18/10 stainless steel simple banding at the neck that accentuates a timeless silhouette squared tip and polished sheen service for 4 dishwasher safe imported 20-piece set includes: 4 salad forks 4 dinner forks 4 dinner knives 4 dinner spoons 4 teaspoons
Make sure to pledge your allegiance with our patriotically edgy cotton tee. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Leave behind basic style and opt for the nature-inspired design of this set of leaf plates.   wavy edges made from durable melamine great for indoor or outdoor entertaining set of 6 Melamine. Each plate measures 10x6¾. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Our premium tee is designed to keep you cool and relaxed during your most active times. available only at JCPenney Quick-Dri technology no-chafe seams raglan sleeves reflective logo on back neck polyester washable imported
Made with nano technonlogy, this mattress pad resists water and stains and retains the natural feel of its fabric.   fits mattresses up to 15 deep Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: 80x76x15H Full: 75x39x15H Queen: 75x54x15 King: 80x60x15H Cal. king: 80x76x15H
Ideal for the active parent, this InStep Flash jogging stroller allows you to get outdoors with your child for a daily walk or run. This jogging stroller has multiple features that ensure the ultimate in convenience, including quick-release pneumatic tires and rims, plus a bicycle-style hand brake for additional stopping power. The retractable canopy allows your little one just as much sun as he or she wants, and the under-seat storage basket is perfect for holding items you need to take with you.   16 quick-release pneumatic tires and molded rims provide performance and style bicycle-style hand brake for additional stopping power retractable canopy keeps passenger cool 5-point safety harness under-seat storage basket measures 40.5x22.5x54.75H assembled; 35.5x22.5x20.5H when folded flat for use with children 6 months and older holds up to 50 pounds partially assembled, instructions included meets CPSIA/CPSC requirements imported 
  Celebrate your timeless love with this elegant anniversary picture frame.   4x6 photo insert easel back with hangers attached display horizontally   Metal. Measures 7x1x8H overall. Imported.
Add some muscle to footwear with these high-performing crew socks, featuring a bold Spider-Man pattern and innovative technology to keep feet comfortable and dry. package of 2 pairs arch support cushioned sole polyester/spandex washable imported 
Keep her comfortable and feeling good in these easy to mix-and-match capri leggings.   cotton/spandex washable imported
Take your workout to the next level with our comfortable graphic tank top. scoopneck 28 1/16 length cotton/polyester washable imported
Sport a well-worn confidence in a never-slouchy slim fit with these classic 5-pocket jeans from i jeans by Buffalo. slim fit zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling cotton washable imported Note: This garment has been individually dyed and washed. Any shading and color variation is a design feature, giving this garment a vintage look, and should not be considered a defect.
  Rugged without being noticeable, these subtle men’s oxfords are perfect for all-day wear in a job that puts you on your feet for hours at a time.   synthetic upper lace-up padded footbed nonmarking rubber sole
A quick and easy way to get your little one looking sharp on any big day, this set takes the guesswork out of his special occasion look with a perfectly coordinated shirt, vest, tie and pants combo that'll garner ooh's and aww's. includes button-front vest, long-sleeve shirt, clip-on tie and flat-front pants vest: 1 top and 2 lower imitation pockets pants: pull on with mock fly and elastic waist vest, pants, tie and sewn-in hankie: polyester shirt: cotton/polyester vest, shirt, pants and sewn-in hankie are washable; tie is dry clean only imported
Crisscrossing rings form a unique interconnecting base to give this linear candle holder an elegant look. black finish holds 5 tealights, sold separately Metal/glass. Measures 22 long. Imported.
Give him an active shoe for his active lifestyle with our lightweight, breathable running shoes and their soft, flexible design. technology soft Phylon core midsole offers ample cushioning and a natural feel articulated Phylite carrier outsole provides flexibility and durability construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up internal forefoot bootie gives a secure fit and support
Featuring cotton-rich construction and a striking print, this handsome shirt is the perfect topper to complete any buttoned-up look. button-down collar long sleeves chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Our pattern yoke dress is perfect for a day in the sun, with a fit that will let her move however she wants.  roundneck sleeveless elastic loop and button closure cotton/polyester washable imported
Polo Red is the ultimate in design, power, and distinction. For the man with drive, Polo Red captures speed, seduction, and adrenaline in a sexy, bold scent. The exhilarating fragrance from Ralph Lauren, it is a fiery mix of spicy red saffron, fresh red grapefruit, and deep red wood that ignites the thrill-seeker in every man. Notes:Red Grapefruit, Red Saffron, Redwood.Style:Daring. Seducing. Thrill-Seeking.
Top off cold-weather style with this lovable Olaf hat, featuring cozy fleece lining and fun pompom details. fleece lining 3D pompom on top braid detail on each side of opening loose stitching on bottom edge sizes XXS-XS come without pompom sizes S-L come with pomopm shell: acrylic lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Commemorate her birthday with this bottle-shaped necklace engraved with a name and date. Made in America.   Metal: Sterling silver, 10K or 14K white or yellow gold Stone: Simulated round gemstone Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long cable chain Personalize: up to 10 characters for first engraveable area, date (10.18.14) for 2nd engraveable area   Gemstone may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.   Choose one birthstone. Use the letter key below to represent the months: A=January B=February C=March D=April E=May F=June G=July H=August I=September J=October K=November L=December
This is the droid you’re looking for. He’ll love slipping into these Star Wars-themed, light-up shoes with sound effects.   technology get authentic R2D2™ light and sound effects by pushing button on strap midsole lights blink with every step   construction synthetic/leather/textile upper  sculpted 3D front panel with R2D2™ designs padded collar and tongue shock-absorbing, cushioned insole all-terrain traction EVA sole   details slip on strap closure
These winter boots will keep you toasty warm and looking good with waterproof protection and a faux fur lined collar. construction nylon upper synthetic sole details 1¾” heel 8½” shaft height 16” shaft circumference side-zip entry soft, removable insole can accommodate a custom orthotic waterproof, lightweight and shock absorbent for protection in any weather functional cross laces on the upper and faux fur lined collar
Wrap yourself in plush comfort with these Royal Velvet towels. An ultra-soft design pairs with fade-resistant color and reinforced hems for luxury that lasts. zero-twist cotton loops for fluffiness you can feel vibrant, lasting color up to 50 washes ultra-soft with superior absorbency reinforced hems for ultimate durability coordinating plush nylon rug also available 6-piece set includes 2 bath towels, 2 hand towels and 2 washcloths Cotton. Washable. Imported. Bath towel: 30x54” Hand towel: 16x28” Washcloth: 13x13” Bath sheet: 32x62 You can purchase these towels individually, but your best value is to buy the six-piece set together. The set will give your bathroom a coordinated look and feel while saving you money. Care tip: Some lint may be observed in the first few launderings of towels, and will diminish with each subsequent laundering. This does not affect the look, feel or performance of your towels. Please follow the recommended care instructions on the label and keep the lint trap clean on your dryer. Eco-friendly tip: This towel is made with long-lasting quality in mind. Give it a second life when you're through with it by donating it to a local charity instead of discarding in the trash.
Load them on—the more, the merrier. This bangle watch and bracelet set lets you mix and match for a look that reflects your individual style. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.   Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Accents: Crystals Strap: Pink metal alloy Movement: Quartz Bracelet Dimensions: 47mm long; 57mm wide Model No.: 61865 Special Features: Includes 3 bangles   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
He'll look adorable in our comfy cotton plaid shorts, with a versatile look that will pair easily with a variety of tops.  zip fly with button closure 100% cotton washable imported
With an ornate filigree design fashioned in sterling silver over brass, this cutout bangle bracelet doesn't miss a detail.Metal: Sterling silver over brassClosure: HingedDimensions: 7½ circumferenceJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This tonal, Zoo York graphic tee is what East Coast urban style is all about. crewneck raglan sleeves cotton washable imported
With feather edge construction and a brushed nickel plaque buckle, this durable dress belt offers a modern approach to business as usual. 1¼ wide feather edge construction double loop detail brushed nickel plaque buckle bonded leather spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.  
Area rugs add beauty and style with intriguing color combinations to complement a room's décor.     plush fiber is soft underfoot heat set for long-lasting color serged edges to resist fraying Tufted polyester. Cotton backing. 4cm pile height. Spot clean or professionally clean. Rug pad recommended. Imported.
This sporty watch keeps you looking sharp—and right on time—with its easy-read dial accented by a green ring and secure silicone strap. Brand: Zunammy Dial Color: Black Strap: Black silicone Movement: Quartz Case Width: 46mm Case Thickness: 13mm Bracelet Dimensions: 10 long; 23mm wide Model No.: NWR319427GR-BK Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This casual, yet sophisticated linen duvet cover set offers comfort and luxury. The duvet is fully reversible so you can easily change the look of your bedroom in an instant. reverses from blue to cream 100% linen washable full/queen duvet: 90x90 king duvet: 106x90 imported 3-piece set includes: duvet 2 shams Coordinating accessories sold separately.
With a cut designed to give him plenty of room to move, our original-fit fashion jeans offer style without sacrificing comfort. belt included 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure adjustable waist cotton washable imported 
Subtle laser-cut details and a handsome look give these oxfords a great look that's perfect for any occasion. leather/synthetic upper fully cushioned insole rubber sole
This lightweight coverlet set features a bright chevron design for a fun addition to your bedroom look you can layer or use alone depending on your mood. oversized chevron print solid green on back  decorative pillow features adorable owl print in coordinating colors 3-piece Twin/Twin XL sets include: coverlet sham decorative pillow 4-piece Full/Queen sets include: coverlet 2 shams decorative pillow Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester coverlet with cotton fill; polyester decorative pillow with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable; spot clean decorative pillow. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: coverlet is 66x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillow is 18x10 Full/Queen: coverlet is 86x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillow is 18x
Your little guy will be ready for a jam-packed day of fun with our breathable, active tee. crewneck short sleeves polyester washable imported
Brand: EarnshawDial Color: GrayStrap: Silver-tone stainless steelClasp: Deployment buckle with buttonsMovement: AutomaticWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 44mmCase Thickness: 14mmBracelet Dimensions: 8-9 long; 22-20mm wideModel No.: ES-8006-11Special Features: World time Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Wear our cap-sleeve wrap dress around town and collect compliments everywhere you turn. v-neck fabric belt closure body: polyester/spandex polyester lining at top bodice washable imported
Seamless, molded low back bustier/torsollette to wear with those demanding special occasion dresses.  seamless, molded cups for a no show, natural look extra support in the cup fiber-contoured and added stay in bottom of cup for larger sizes extra long body provides great shaping and hip coverage garters and stockings sold separately  polyester/nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported of domestic materials   manufacturer's style #126-6535
Our straight-leg jeans feature a skinny fit and are destructed for a distressed, worn-in look.  zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 28½ inseam cotton/viscose/polyester/elastane washable imported
Your manicure really goes the distance in this cool sky blue shade.     time-released pigments keep color rich 3-step OPI system creates staying power and stain-free removal made in America How to use: Apply one coat of the advanced primer for staying power and stain-free removal. Apply thin coats of Infinite Shine color and wait two minutes after second coat. Finish with gloss top coat.JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Oval links on this chic chain belt add an edge to your look. metal imported
Our long-sleeve graphic print layered T-shirt has the look of two tops with the ease and convenience of one for the perfect relaxed weekend look. approx. 23½ - 25½ front length cotton/polyester washable imported
Give your cool-weather look the cold shoulder with our flowy blouse featuring a cutout silhouette. long sleeves v-neck approx. 28⅛ - 29¾ front length polyester washable imported
This stylish end table with a neutral, classic finish easily complements any décor in stylish durability.   bottom shelf open storage displays keepsakes in style W-style leg supports Pine/paintedMDF. Table measures 17.72x20x22.01H; shelf interior measures 14.9x15.8x15.6H. Assembly required. Imported.
She’ll be ready to explore the sea before she even reaches the water in our Disney Collection Finding Dory swim cover up. bubble sleeves large buttons woven patch applique cotton/polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Our cotton-rich fleece pants from Xersion don’t let a little chill get in the way of you and your workout. elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets straight leg open bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
For gentle support that will carry you through the day, you’ll love our comfortable bralette, boasting a seamless, and stretchy wireless design. package of two adjustable straps allow more flexibility contains removable pads that add shape and enhance your figure nylon/spandex washable imported 
Take the trouble out of getting him looking his best with this perfectly matched shirt and tie set.   includes long-sleeve shirt and clip-on tie button front chest pocket shirt: cotton/polyester tie: polyester washable imported
A perfect preppy companion, this oxford shirt dresses up his look when paired with twill pants or khakis.   button-down collar chest pocket button cuffs cotton washable imported
He’ll look slick for any special occasion with this coordinated dress shirt and tie set that takes the guesswork out of his look. includes shirt and clip-on tie button-front chest pocket long sleeves shirt: cotton/polyester tie: polyester washable imported
Get up and moving with this smart activity-tracking sport watch. Easy to wear and view, you'll know precisely how many steps you've taken, calories you've burned and hours you've slept.   Brand: Nuband Dial Color: Black Strap: Lilac silicone Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 230mm long; 17mm wide Model No.: NU-G0002LL Special Features: Day/date display; charts quality and length of sleep; silent, vibrating alarm; reminder to exercise after a period of inactivity; tracks calories burned; counts steps; counts distance traveled; Bluetooth 4.0 enabled to track activity, goals and history on a mobile app   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Defined by its trendy stacked base, this accent table is perfect next to your favorite chair or bedside.   MDF top and bottom with a solid wood post and veneers bright, smooth finish finger-joint and flush-joint joinery easily accommodates lamps and other household items Measures 17 in diameter; 22H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Assembly required. Imported.
Quick as a flash, our nifty bucket bag converts to a backpack for hands-free convenience. top strap, 7.5 drop drawstring closure double back straps drawstring closure synthetic lining: 100% cotton 12½Hx10Wx6D interior: 1 slip pocket, 1 zipper pocket exterior: 3 zipper pockets imported  
Run wild and free or seriously fresh in our palm print, scuba knit shorts. zip fly with inside button closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back faux welt pockets polyester/spandex polyester pocket washable imported  
Sweat wicking fabric and a design that gives you superior range of motion will keep you running in comfort in our Nike cropped pants. Mid rise elastic waist/external drawcord tight fit body mapped seams approx. 23½ length Dri-FIT fabric polyester/spandex machine wash, air dry imported
Metal: Silver, 10K white or yellow gold, 14K white or yellow goldStones: Simulated gemstoneGallery Height: 2.55mmPersonalization: Up to 10 characters and choice of 1 simulated birthstone Choose 1 birthstone. Use the letter key below to represent the month(s). Selection must be made using capitalized letters: A=JanuaryB=FebruaryC=MarchD=AprilE=MayF=JuneG=JulyH=AugustI=SeptemberJ=OctoberK=NovemberL=December Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bring a natural feel to your bedroom with our duvet set, featuring an updated paisley design with a soft blue background that's printed on 200-thread count cotton to create a restful oasis in your home.  paisley design on 200-thread count cotton duvet cover and shams: 100% cotton decorative pillows: 100% cotton with polyester fill full/queen: 88x92 king/cal. king: 104x92 duvet cover and shams: washable decorative pillows: spot clean imported 5-piece set includes: duvet cover 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full/queen set includes standard shams. King/cal. king set includes king shams. For best results, launder in a large-capacity front-loading washer and dryer. If the duvet set doesn't have free movement in the washer and dryer, a large-capacity commercial washer and dryer are recommended.
With easy-on construction and durable white rubber soles, our boat shoes are perfect for a day on the water. construction cotton upper rubber sole details moc toe laces slip on
Performance comes in your favorite colors with these Powertrain shorts from Champion, featuring Vapor moisture management. vapor moisture-wicking fabric mesh sides for added ventilation elastic waist with drawstring polyester washable imported
It's down to the details with our mixed media open-back blouse, a cute cap-sleeve top that will give you an updated look.  roundneck cap sleeve 29 5/8-31¼ length outer layer: polyester/spandex under layer: polyester washable imported
The Nike Reax training shoe is a stylish gym trainer that offers excellent breathability and cushioning to keep you comfortable during all your workouts. construction breathable synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole for traction and durability details lace up synthetic leather upper is perforated for enhanced breathability
Show your fan pride with this burnout tee featuring the band Aerosmith. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
The fabric belt of our short-sleeve tunic gracefully defines your waist and creates a figure-flattering silhouette. v-neck polyester washable imported  
This fun bracelet celebrates your love for your feline friend. A blue cat paw imprinted in a gold-tone charm next to a blue yarn ball will add a whimsical touch to your jewelry collection.   Metal: Gold-tone  Closure: Lobster claspDimensions: 7.5 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Show your support for sweets with our comfortable Pillsbury tee.  crewneck short sleeves front graphic cotton/polyester washable imported
Make a splash in our vibrant and exciting bikini swim bottoms with adjustable side ties. side ties lined nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
He’ll be ready for a day of fun in the sun in our Okie Dokie cotton graphic muscle tee.   crewneck sleeveless front graphic heather grey: cotton/polyester all other colors: cotton washable imported
A classic fit and skinny leg makes for a comfortable and flattering pair of jeans that will be your go-to for casual outfits. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket style highrise skinny ankle legs cotton/polyester/Lycra® washable imported
With cascading bohemian print and vibrant colors, this blouson maxi dress is picture perfect. roundneck center back button closure sleeveless 56 length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Working out is hard, so you might as well be comfortable in these Xersion compression shorts that bring you support and breathability. elastic waistband 7 inseam slim compression fit polyester washable imported
This carefully woven silk tie creates a refined, well-suited look without overpowering you.   3.25 wide lined silk dry clean imported
Our medium tote features floral and butterfly embellishments for a whimsical look and is the perfect size to carry along to all of your travels. handles, 9 drop polyester/PVC floral embellishments 1 front slide and 1 back zip interior pocket 10.5x12x5 imported
A comfy performance fabric and shorts underneath lend easy-to-wear comfort to our active pull-on skort for any on-the-go look. elastic waistband with drawstring 19 length; 5 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
A front zipper and top drawstring keep the elements out and your feet warm in any weather. construction nylon upper synthetic sole details 1½” heel 7” shaft height 14½” shaft circumference zip entry with top drawstring to keep the elements out and warmth in soft, removable insole can accommodate a custom orthotic waterproof, lightweight and shock absorbent for protection in any weather
What it is: A massage balm that nourishes, relaxes, and repairs feet from ankle to toes. What it does: Based on ancient Japanese beauty rituals, Barefeet Fantasy foot cream contains powerful rice plant essence for beautiful feet or simply to feel good. Cupuaçu butter intensely moisturizes tired feet while shea butter soothes. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates Suggested Usage: -Massage a generous amount across feet and ankles. Size:2.7 ozIngredients:-Cupuaçu Butter: Nourishes. -Shea Butter: Nourishes and moisturizes. -Natural Active Rice Plant Essence: Nourishes and softens. Water, Glycerin, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Butylene Glycol, Isododecane, Pentylene Glycol, Glyceryl Stearate, Caprylic/Capric/Succinic Triglyceride, Peg-8, Vinyl Dimethicone/Methicone Silsesquioxane Crosspolymer, Stearyl Alcohol, Fragrance, Ceteth-20, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Water, Theobroma Grandiflorum Seed Butter, Shea Butter Extract, Dimethicone, Hydrogenated Coco-Glycerides, Phenoxyethanol, Cetyl Alcohol, Steareth-25, Sodium Polyacrylate, Steareth-21, Palmitic Acid, Stearic Acid, Carbomer, Tetrasodium Edta, Sodium Hydroxide, BHT, Sodium Hyaluronate, Silica, Coumarin, Citronellol, Linalool.
Slip into comfort and style with our flats, featuring bows on the upper and a memory foam insole.  synthetic upper slip on bow embellishments memory foam insole printed sock liner rubber sole
Go for a retro look with these sophisticated patent pumps featuring a bold pointed toe. synthetic patent upper 3½ heel pointed toe synthetic sole
Great for a workout or for casual styling, this adidas shirt brings you a ton of versatility. short sleeves crewneck polyester washable imported
Men's jacket in a car coat style protects you on the coldest of days. Layer with a sweater for a handsome look.   Men's jacket: double-knit collar for extra warmth 3 hidden front buttons inside zipper 2 side exterior pockets 2 interior pockets center vent 34 in length wool/polyester/acrylic/rayon/other polyester lining dry clean imported
The soft cotton fabric and tag-less design will give him lasting comfort for his active day. elastic waist cotton washable imported Colors and patterns may vary.
Like those used on Bravo's popular “Top Chef” program, this officially licensed carving set will have you grilling like the pros.   ice-tempured stainless steel blade with precision sharpened cutting edge hollow ground keeps food from sticking to the knife full steel handle with seamless bonded and polished bolsters and nonslip surface laser etched Top Chef logo on each knife fork measures 11.8x.6x1” 8” carving knife Stainless steel. Imported.
true The edge-to-edge cooktop on this range is a large seamless surface that makes it easy to move pots and pans from element to element and to wipe away messes. 5.3 cu. ft. capacity 12/9 dual heating element 9/6 power boil element produces rapid, powerful heat true European convection with precise air lets you enjoy perfectly even results without turning the pan fast preheat lets you make hot meals in a hurry with less time preheating hidden bake oven interior makes cleanup easy by eliminating hard-to-reach areas self-clean with steam clean option fifth element warming zone provides low-heat capability for foods, electronic touch controls Chef Connect - three options with a single touch. For instant convenience, choose when to automatically sync clocks and the range elements with the microwave's surface light and vent
Mesmerizing patterns landscape this rectangular wool rug to create a modern design that turns any room into a fresh-looking space. A cotton canvas/latex backing finishes it in style. hand-tufted construction 100% wool hand crafted in India 0.625 pile height; 0.825 overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton canvas/latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean. Origin: Imported It's perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep it under control until the rug has been seasoned and no longer sheds.  
Perfect for lower, open necklines, our Ambrielle plunge push-up bra adds lift to your silhouette while maintaining its support. Style: racerback, plunge; provides less coverage for lower necklinesPadding: push up; includes underwire for shape and supportFabric: nylon/spandexCare: hand wash, line dryOrigin: imported
Perfect for any holiday table setting, these canvas placemats showcase the timeless festivity of Christmas. easy-care cotton fabric set of 4 Cotton. Each measures 13x19. Washable. Imported.
Nike All Time graphic print training hoodie delivers the comfortably lightweight warmth of Therma-FIT fabric in a classic design—great for the gym, practice or for everyday wear. Therma-FIT fabric helps keep you warm and comfortable hood with drawcord provides coverage when you want it kangaroo pocket warms your hands and stores small items French terry polyester washable imported
Elegant stripes give this decorative pillow a boost of style that's perfect for your bedroom. elegant stripe pattern with side-tie embellishments cotton with polyester fill spot clean 18x7 imported
Comfortable Arizona trunks in a tropical palm tree and stripes print are sure to make a splash in and out of the water. UPF 50+ elastic waist with faux drawstring back pocket with self-adhesive flap mesh brief liner polyester washable imported Husky available online only. 
Enhance your figure in our Levi's 529 straight-leg jeans, designed in super-stretchy denim for all day comfort, with an innovative pocket design featuring a secret slimming tummy panel for an allover smooth, flattering shape.   sits at natural waist slim fit through hip and thigh straight leg with 14¾ opening 10 front rise 29 inseam cotton/elastane washable imported
Featuring an elastic waistband, contrast interlock taping and a stylish embroidered Spalding logo, these ultra-mesh athletic shorts are the perfect complement to his sporty style. on-seam side pockets contrast interlock taping and insert athletic fit polyester washable imported
For hip style that’s brimming with class, top off his outfits with our suave fedora hat. spot clean imported
A fun My Little Pony print lights up this sleeveless dress, making it a perfect choice for a sunny day spent outdoors. roundneck screen-printed graphics high-low hem criss-cross back polyester/rayon washable imported
Be ready to take on Bowser or Wario in our comfortable tee.  crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Barnacles! Don't forget your beach towel, especially not our super fun SpongeBob print cotton towel. 100% cotton 28x58 washable imported
With a casually sharp style, these twill pants are perfect for school uniforms or dress-up occasions.     adjustable waist with belt loops hook and zipper closure for sizes 4-7; button and zipper for 8-20 two side and two back pockets 100% cotton washable imported
A sleeveless voile over a bridal-satin dress make this exquisite, classic white dress a great choice for her communion or other formal occasions. scoopneck back-zip tie-back satin ribbon bow taffeta slip with netting sleeveless bridal satin/voile/taffeta dry clean only imported
Add a wool rug with a cotton/latex backing for an easy way to update a room.   hand-dyed and hand-tufted construction plush fiber with washed finish for luxuriously soft feel mothproofing treatment Wool. Cotton/latex backing. 11mm-5mm pile height range. Professionally clean. Shake to restore fluff. Imported. It's perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep it under control until the rug has been seasoned and no longer sheds.  
Stay steady on your feet when you suit up with our sturdy yet comfortable Wolverine Marquette steel-toe work boots   technology Strobel construction for durability and fit steel toe rated ASTM F2413-05 M I/75 C/75 EH construction leather/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up removable cushioned footbed polyurethane midsole mesh lining nylon shank slip-resistant
Add spice to your wardrobe and share your love of Star Wars by wearing officially licensed R2D2 tie bar. officially licensed rhodium-plated base metal imported
A tribute to the intricate ornamental work of fine artisans, this dinnerware set features gently embossed arches gracefully adorning the rim of each piece.   durable stoneware construction classic white finish microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 10½ dinner plates four 8 salad plates four 12-ounce bowls four 12-ounce mugs  Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Sporty and rugged, these composite-toe work boots feature a slip-resistant design and other safety features to give you peace of mind during your demanding workday. construction leather/nylon upper breathable mesh lining rubber sole details lace up 5 shaft height cushioned, removable insert sturdy composite toe rated ASTM F2413-11 Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
This beautiful Jasmine costume opens up a whole new world of playtime fun with a fun cameo, satin top and princess-worthy mesh layers. squareneck sleeveless Jasmine cameo mesh layers bodice: polyester/nylon pants: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Add texture and decor to your outdoor living areas with the Saddle Stitch rug. These subtly textured, flat weave rugs in rich earth tones are excellent for both indoor and outdoor use.   pet friendly resistant to mold and mildew yarn dyed for lasting color Polypropylene. Spot clean. Imported.
Celebrate her easygoing personality with our cool denim shorts featuring a lovely crochet trim. zip fly with button closure adjustable waist front and back pockets crochet trim cotton/spandex washable imported
Add a layer of sparkle to any look with our eye-catching, sequin-striped T-shirt. approx. 27½ - 29¼ length polyester/rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
The Coconut and Monoi Deep Moisture Oil Treatment with argan oil and sunflower infused with nourishing Moroccan argan oil with vitamin E, nourishing botanicals and revitalizing antioxidants, instantly starts the repair process for damaged hair, renewing strength and elasticity while shielding the hair from damaging elements. Hair is visibly softer, silkier and healthier. 4 ounces hair will visibly look softer, silkier and healthier repairs processed or damaged hair made in America JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
The black tempered glass platform accentuated with stainless steel foot placers give the USHM180G bathroom scale a modern look, which will provide style and sophistication to any bathroom.   measures up to 400 lbs (1800 kg) in 0.2 lb (0.1 kg) increments measures body fat, hydration, and muscle mass percentages in addition to body weight 4-user profiles with automatic profile selection automatic shut-off feature ensures long battery life (2 lithium batteries included) large tempered glass platform ultra slim design (only ¾ inch) Plastic. Measures 12x12”. Wipe with a clean damp cloth. Imported. Lifetime Limited Warranty.
Gold-tone rings shine on this necklace and earrings set sure to add a beautiful accent to any outfit.Metal: Gold-tone metalEarring Back: WireEarring Dimensions: .8x1.34Necklace Closure: Lobster claspNecklace Dimensions: 19 length chainJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Drift into a cozy night of sleep with this mattress topper featuring memory foam that relieves pressure points for extra comfort. Outlast® adaptive comfort material regulates body temperature hypoallergenic fits mattresses up to 20” deep 300 thread-count cover Polyester cover with cotton pad. Washable cover; spot clean pad. Imported. Full: 51x72x2H Queen: 58x77x2H King: 76x77x2H Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
When dealing with the elements, you’ll stay comfortable in these water-resistant, fleece-lined boots with a memory-foam insole.   synthetic Durabrush/water resistant upper Flexastride memory foam insole for comfort fleece lining lace up        
Nike baselayer shorts are an athlete's must-have for focused workouts.   elastic waistband flat seams sweat wicking compression  fit Dri-FIT 9 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
With a 360° swivel that lets you view your tablet horizontally or vertically, this case is sure to keep your keyboard protected.   fits 9-10 tablets full tilt on back adjustable stand 2-in-1 functionality with folio case or folio and keyboard case optimized for Andriod OS accommodates iPad®, iPad Air®, Kindle Fire HD 8.9, Nexus 10 tablet, Galaxy Note 10.1, Nook HD+ and most 9-10 tablets Bluetooth technology includes USB charging cable built-in keyboard and battery  Plastic. Measures 18.8x1.3x7.3H. Imported. iPhone and iPod are registered trademarks of Apple, Inc.
This crossbody wallet is just the right size to take with you anywhere you may want or need to go. removable strap, 25 drop removable wristlet strap, 5¾ drop synthetic exterior zip pocket 10 interior credit card slots and cell phone pocket imported
She'll love the cool girly look of our flowy dress and cozy, complete with a medallion necklace for a final, cute accent. includes sleeveless dress, cozy and necklace scoopneck dress: rayon cozy: cotton/polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Add some flair to her wardrobe with our crochet bottom tank top. roundneck crochet bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
This handsome watch is perfect for the globetrotter in you. Its uniquely crafted dial resembles the cockpit of the gulfstream G4 jet.   Brand: JBW Dial Color: Black Accents: 16 diamonds on bezel Strap: Black leather Movement: Swiss quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 25mm wide Model No.: J6248LB Special Features: 3 time-zone sub dials; 3 multifunction sub dials (day, date, 24 hour)   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Frames and quotes will be a perfect theme for your next project with our dies and stamps.  compatible with most emboss and diecut machines, sold separately recommended for ages 12+ metal/photo-polymer imported set includes: 4x5” backing sheet with 5 stamps 4 dies
The rough-hued, weathered finish on this well-crafted chest exposes remarkably rustic wood grains, accentuating your space with cozy allure.   solid mahogany construction with mahogany veneers aged Weatherford finish butt-joint joinery 3 storage drawers with side mounted-metal glides felt-lined top drawer pewter-finished hardware plank-inspired, slat-style design Measures 36Wx18Dx36H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.
Finish your bedroom with finesse. The soft wave design of our Cotton Classics ruffle pillow sham will complete your bedroom with a look of both cool and classic comfort. 140 thread-count cotton percale ¼ corded piping, quilt 1 ruffles on face measures 26x26 Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.   
Enjoy a comfortable, safe ride on this cruiser-style city bicycle with reflective front and rear lights, fenders, kickstand and wheel guard. Frame/Fork: 19 Hi-Ten steel low-cut frame with steel forkWheels/Tires: 26 700c black smooth tread tires with reflective stripeDrivetrain: Shimano Nexus 3-speed with fully enclosed nylon chain coverBrakes/Cockpit: Shimano rear coaster brake, Marwi platform pedals with ball bearingsExtras: Vintage-style graphics, Makiroo comfort grips, upright Dutch style handlebar, bell, fenders, chain tensionerDimensions: 69x21x41HAssembly Required: Yes, tools includedCare Instructions: Wipe cleanCountry of Origin: Imported  
These bow-adorned Rapunzel costume shoes are ready for any royal adventure your imaginative little girl can dream up. Rapunzel cameo satin bow 3/4 heel synthetic upper urethane sole
Pretty with a twist: our open-toe sandals are vacation—and pedicure—ready. synthetic/rubber upper 1¾ wedge heel breathable gold-tone lining for a hint of luxe Soft Delight™ Comfort System offers shock absorption and all-day cushioning rubber sole Soft Style® is a Hush Puppies Company.
The tight fit of our tank top creates a slim, modern look that you'll love. mockneck rayon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Give your style a little extra flair with our extended-sleeve pleat neck blouse that you can pair with just about anything. scoopneck extended sleeves polyester/spandex washable imported
Welcome guests with snacks, cookies or even finger sandwiches with this inventive tray featuring a warm tan palette artfully surrounded by a geometric tile pattern in coordinating colors.   durable stoneware construction reactive glazed finish perfect for entertaining and everyday dining microwave safe Stoneware. Measures 14x9¾H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Turn heads with our eye-popping Zoo York® cotton graphic tank. sleeveless crewneck regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
Our freshwater pearl earrings feature shimmery sterling silver and freshwater pearls in a beautiful, drop-style setting. Metal: Sterling silverStones: Cultured freshwater pearlBack: LeverDimensions: 6-7mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A popover top updates this flowy 1-piece maxi dress from St. John’s Bay. scoopneck sleeveless viscose/polyester 53½ length from shoulder machine wash, dry flat imported
Look chic savvy with this gorgeous crossbody bag that features brand embossed texture and eye-catching gold-tone hardware. adjustable 18-23 crossbody strap flap-over design with magnetic snap closure durable synthetic construction 1 interior sidewall and 2 interior slip pockets detachable dog tag dangle 8(L)x5.5(W)x1D imported
Swaying away from your body and hugging the right spots, this fit-and-flare is fashion-friendly in a bright leaf print.•    roundneck•    sleeveless•    side ruche detail•    39 length from shoulder•    polyester/spandex•    machine wash, line dry•    imported  
This silver-tone bib necklace features allover flowers, featuring glass stones for a girly look you'll adore.  Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Glass stonesClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 19 long adjustable cable chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This multicolor straw fedora kicks your look up a notch and has a black trim around the band. 14x13x10H straw spot clean imported  
Classic chinos with a fantastic fit and wrinkle-free ease. Welcome to pants perfection.  Just pull them out of the dryer or a suitcase and off you go.   flat front individual-fit waistband expands up to 1 zip front with hook-and-eye closure front slash pockets button-through back welt pockets color bonded D2 fit is straight and relaxed cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported
Create a stunning look with these gorgeous genuine jade sterling silver drop earrings.Metal: Sterling silverStones: 43x8mm genuine green jadeBack: LeverbackDimensions: .625x2.25 Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
An intricate neckline detail makes our tank top from St. John's Bay a standout addition to your casual wear. roundneck short sleeves 29 front length, 28½ back length 100% cotton washable imported
Featuring printed fabric on a slim-fit legging, these yoga pants are comfortable, versatile and stylish. cotton/spandex washable imported
The carved twisting details and classic design of this round dining set gives your space the look and feel of an English countryside.   solid pine construction antique white finish diamond-pattern rayon/polyester/cotton seat with upholstery foam fill table features an 18 extendable leaf 5-piece set includes: extendable round dining table 6 side chairs Wipe clean with a damp cloth; avoid prolonged exposure to sunlight and heat. Imported. Dining table: 56Wx56Dx30H without leaf; 74Wx56Dx30H with leaf Each side chair: 22Wx24Dx42H with a 23 seat height
Every girl needs a basic pair of flats for days on the go, and these ballet flats feature a topknot accent for a cute touch. synthetic upper top knot embellishment memory foam footbed synthetic sole
Your initials or the ones of someone you love can be displayed in this scrolling vine-like monogram necklace. Made in America.   Metal: Sterling silver, 10K yellow or white gold, 14K white, yellow or rose gold, 24K yellow or rose gold over silver Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long chain Pendant Size: 30mm Personalize: Must be 3 initials. Initials will appear exactly in the order entered; center initial will be enlarged.   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Create a comfortable surrounding in your bedroom with this headboard, nightstand and chest featuring a rustic, inviting design. mahogany and engineered wood construction butt-joint joinery nightstand has 1 drawer and 1 shelf chest has 4 drawers full/queen headboard: 66Wx4Dx56H king/cal. king headboard: 82Wx4Dx56H nightstand: 24Wx21Dx28H chest: 36Wx20Dx36H assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed imported
This easy-to-use floor cleaner sprays, wipes and cleans any room in your home without puddling or the mess of a mop and bucket.   handle-activated sprayer creates a fine, wide-angled mist for easy cleaning works with water or your favorite homemade or commercial floor cleaner sprays approximately 400 times with a full tank agile wipe head cleans hard-to-reach areas washable, reusable microfiber cleaning cloth Plastic/microfiber. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Sweet ruffles and a center button give this decorative pillow a soft style that's perfect for your bedroom. ruffled polka dot flange button tufted detail cotton/polyester with polyester fill spot clean measures 16x16 imported
The all-in-one look of a t-shirt layered over a tank makes dressing with our Made for Life layered top a quick choice for busy lives. scoopneck short sleeves approx. 26½ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Make your cold-weather days more comfortable with this colorful crewneck sweater, rich in soft lambswool.   crewneck long sleeves ribbed cuffs and hem wool/nylon washable imported
With shells and faceted glass stones in various shades of pink, this three-stone stretch bracelet is perfect for dressing up casual looks.   Stones: Pink shells Other Stones: Faceted glass stones Dimensions: 7 circumference   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Gear up for the cold in our warm, 3/4-length quilted puffer jacket with a detachable faux-fur collar. 41 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Beautifully incorporating floral, script and grunge elements, this colorful canvas wall art provides a distinct, engaging backdrop. museum-grade canvas wrapped around 1½-thick stretcher bars printed with fade-resistant archival inks unframed design creates a modern gallery look mounting hardware included Canvas/wood/metal. Made in America.
The timeless shape and bold hue of the Uno mugs create a table setting that's tasteful and colorful.   features a brilliant, solid-color exterior mix and match your favorite Uno colors to create a one-of-a-kind collection crafted of a durable, high-quality porcelain perfect for traditional or modern table settings microwave safe 12-ounce capacity set of 4 Porcelain. Each mug measures 3¾H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Invest in a fedora where every detail is accounted for, from the grosgrain band to the pinched sides to the grey Stetson jacquard lining.   antique silver Stetson rivet All-American by Stetson label in sweatband polyester spot clean imported
These soft terry joggers are workout-wear for anywhere, providing easy-going comfort for whatever your day holds. drawstring waist 2 front slash pockets 2 back patch pockets cuffed bottom polyester washable imported
This loose, flowy skirt with a high-low hem is fun to wear. invisible side zip with hook-and-eye closure 32 length at higher hem; 41 at lower hem polyester washable imported
Style meets function with this tote bag that features multiple pockets for daily organization. 7” drop magnetic snap top closure cotton/nylon spacious main compartment 5 interior and 1 exterior pockets 10.75Hx18.6Wx6.125”D imported
Give the gift of comfort and style with this boxed set, featuring a soft crewneck tee and coordinating woven pajama pants. gift boxed includes short-sleeve shirt and woven pants cotton/polyester washable imported 
The spring sunset on this canvas wall art features a beautiful blend of soft tones and deep colors for an enchanting look. archival-ink print on museum-grade canvas handcrafted 1½ solid wood stretcher bars hanging mounts included canvas/solid wood made in America
With crystals and textured metal, this snowflake-inspired collar necklace is guaranteed to dazzle, no matter the time of year. Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Crystals Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 17 long rolo chain with 2 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Pair these fun fringe sandals with a skirt or dress and watch them quickly become one of her favorites. synthetic upper rubber sole
This sporty watch matches any occasion, from casual to formal. Its textured charcoal dial features an easy-read date window and three sweeping hands, all secured by a bold silver-tone strap.   Brand: Claiborne Dial Color: Charcoal Strap: Silver-tone metal alloy Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 200mm long; 22mm wide Model No.: CLM1173 Special Features: Date display; 24-hour inner track; luminous hands and markers; durable ionic plating                                           Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These Dickies work pants provide heavy-duty comfort, by featuring woven-in stretch for mobility and ease of movement, while their double-knee durability ensures they work just as hard as you do.   sits slightly below waist easy-care stain release wrinkle resistant tunnel belt loops multi-use cell phone pocket zipper fly reinforced double knee polyester/cotton washable imported
From playtime to naptime, this huggable Merc plush is the perfect friend to have by your explorer's side. embroidered facial features polyester hand wash, air dry imported
Capture the casual elegance of the past in our modern fit-and-flare dress. roundneck sleeveless 35⅝ length from shoulder invisible zipper in back polyester dry clean only imported
An intricate filigree inlay adds texture and interest to this handsome stainless steel men's ring with polished edges. Designed with a rounded comfort fit interior that slides on easily and avoids pinching. Engrave inside of the band and make it truly personal.Metal: Two-tone stainless steelPersonalize: Up to 25 characters (including spaces) in Script MT Bold fontJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Workout or play, you’ll always be comfortable in this bicolored logo tee from adidas. crewneck short sleeves left sleeve logo cotton/polyester washable imported
Add a touch of class to your guest book area with this elegant pen holder set.   includes black ink pen decorated with a satin double ruffle accented with an Austrian crystal brooch brooch is removable for use after the wedding Polyester/metal/crystal. Measures 3½x3½x7½H. Spot clean. Imported.
Add feminine flair and functionality to any space with this beautifully contoured storage ottoman and its distinctive nailhead trim. solid wood frame cushion filled with upholstery foam lid lifts off to reveal storage space 200-pound weight capacity Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 17Wx17Dx17H. Assembly required. Imported.
A classic, brown belt from IZOD keeps him looking stylish when paired with any of his casual wear.   rounded buckle imported
The Disney Dumbo crib bumpers feature a mesh design that helps keep baby cooler in warmer temperatures and allows you to easily see inside the crib.  fits most standard and convertible cribs                                 4 pieces with ties measures 51½ x28x10 polyester/cotton washable imported
Don’t let the fun color combination fool you—this sport watch is made for training. Whether it’s a 5K, marathon or power walk, it keeps you on track with your fitness plan with five handy interval timers.   Brand: Soleus Dial Color: Gray Strap: Teal/yellow silicone Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 42.2mm Case Thickness: 14.35mm Bracelet Dimensions: 177.8mm long; 11.36mm wide Model No.: SR009470 Special Features: Stopwatch; alarm; backlight for low-light conditions; easy-view convertible display; 5 interval timers; inspirational inscription on the back Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Get yourself in a Jamaican state of mind with this tee featuring music legend Bob Marley. crewneck polyester/cotton/rayon washable imported
Our burnout hoodie is a win/win situation with the comfortable fit of a familiar hoodie and the modern touch of burnout fabric. approx. 28½ length polyester/cotton washable imported
In gleaming sterling silver, our genuine peridot ring shows off flirty faceting and a halo of white sapphire accents, rendering a contemporary yet feminine look.Metal: Sterling silverStone: 8mm round genuine peridotOther Stones: Round lab-created white sapphiresOther Stone: Diamond accentGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Your little super hero will love these leggings featuring a graphic print of the iconic Captain America logo making these leggings a perfect pair with a top or to finish off a dress or skirt.   pull on cotton/spandex washable imported
Make the most of your precious time with baby by using our Duet Soothe Play Yard, the swing that lets you keep baby by your side. This ingenious swing has a seat that doubles as a rocker, giving you the flexibility to move around the house while keeping baby cozy and close. in swing mode, 3 seat positions give baby the option to sway side-to-side or swing back-and-forth in rocker mode, the carry handle makes it simple to keep baby by your side optional plug, vibration and music plug in will save you on electricity or use batteries for convenience vibration with 2-speed settings swing: for infants 5.5-30 lbs. rocker: for infants 5.5-18 lbs. swing: 33x34x43H rocker: 28x22.5x30H batteries required meets CPSC standards; meets FMVSS213 standards; FFA approved polyester/metal/plastic/foam clean with soap and water
Tossing together a healthy stir-fry is easier than ever with this two-piece wok set. lightweight spun cast iron retains and transmits heat quickly and evenly ferno ceramic coating is PFOA and PTFE free convenient wire skimmer 2-piece set includes: 11¾ wok wire skimmer Carbon steel wok with ceramic coating; stainless steel handles and skimmer. Skimmer is dishwasher safe; hand wash wok. Imported. 
The sharkskin suit vest will keep you looking sharp when the jacket comes off.   5-button front 2 exterior slit pockets polyester/rayon with polyester paisley print lining dry clean imported
Whether you like them layered or alone, our Arizona racerback tank top is a great addition to your tank collection.   roundneck racerback sleeveless approx. 26 length polyester washable imported
Familiar styling meets the modern fit of our Champion hoodie and a real winner is born. long sleeves modern fit ultra heavyweight fabric cotton/polyester washable imported
Snuggle up with this reversible throw that is soft to the touch and features a modern pattern with stylish fringe. lightweight warmth woven jacquard acrylic 2½ fringe 50x60 washable imported
Featuring the latest quick-drying technology, our Speedo swim trunks will be your go-to for your days by the beach or pool. Block the Burn® UPF 50+ protection VaporPLUS™ quick-drying fabric relaxed fit Velcro® fly with drawstring side seam pockets interior key pocket mesh liner 10 inseam polyester machine wash, hang dry imported
Easy to match, easy to wear, this comfortable piqué polo makes coordinating outfits seem effortless. polo collar 2-button placket short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported  
Built for comfort and durability, these slip-on sandals from Eastland will be your go-to shoes wear after wear.   technology Eastland Active Memory Foam supports and conforms to the curves of the foot for comfort construction leather upper synthetic sole for shock absorption and durability details slip-on entry 1⅝” heel soft fabric lining for comfort hidden elastic goring for a custom fit Hand-sewn, Opanka stitch-to-sole construction provides “no break-in” flexibility and long-lasting wear
He’ll make a splash at the pool or the beach in our comfortable swim trunks.  drawstring waist mesh brief liner side pocket with hook and loop closure polyester/spandex washable imported
Get your little mermaid in the water with this 1-pc swimsuit with a metallic shells and ruffles down the front. polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Changing table or hutch by Bedford Baby offers functional and stylish storage for your nursery.    solid wood construction featuring carved details dresser/changer has top front swing-out drawers that give you easy access to needed items 2 roomy drawers below adjustable shelf and large compartment behind door hutch lights up with one touch and has 3 different settings changing table is 55½x22½x29H hutch is 51x14x43½H fully assembled imported Four-side changing pad sold separately. Changing table and hutch sold separately.    
Give yourself more wardrobe versatility with this everyday essential t-shirt, available in a variety of easy-to-match colors. regular fit crewneck short sleeves left breast pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Kick back and relax with a good book, video game or TV show in this rocker gaming chair and its comfortable, sporty design. sturdy wood frame cushions filled with upholstery foam ergonomic seating position durable double-stitched seams 250-pound weight capacity Upholstery is vinyl. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 22Wx16Dx32H. Imported.
Our graphic tank top will take you through your workouts and look cool in the process.  scoopneck sleeveless 28 1/16 length cotton/polyester washable imported
Our sport shorts from Champion feature moisture-wicking technology, C Vapor technology for breathability and an outer stash pocket for keys or valuables you need during your workout. C Vapor technology moisture-wicking fabric quick dry outer stash pocket inner drawcord reflective C logo loose fit midrise polyester washable imported
A monumental 100 diamonds cover this bridal ring set, promising a lifetime of beauty. The engagement ring features a three-tiered frame leading up to the 1/5 ct. princess-cut center stone. The coordinating rounded diamond-lined wedding band offers an abundance of shine. Metal: 14K white gold Stones: ½ ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a 1/5 ct. princess-cut center stone Color: G-H Clarity: I1-I2 Setting: Prong and pavé Gallery Height: 5.8mm Dimensions: 21.1x8.8mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
  These handmade rugs are exquisite in detail and feature a rich color palette.  The cut-and-loop pile gives the rug a dramatic texture with bold contrast.   hand-tufted for durability and attention to detail cut-and-loop construction give a dramatic texture and bold contrast Polyester. 1/2 pile height. Spot clean; professionally clean. Rug pad recommended. Imported.
Create a relaxing pub setting in your own home with this handsome pub table featuring a dynamic design and rich finish. solid rubberwood construction with an okume veneer brown cherry finish Measures 36 in diameter; 40H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Allen wrench needed. Imported.
Start setting expectations for his athletic future with our cute and comfy tee and shorts set.  includes short-sleeve tee and pull-on shorts crewneck front print elastic waistband tee: 100% cotton shorts: polyester washable imported
Let your on-trend sense of style blossom with these adorable, crystal flower, stud earrings. Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Crystals Back: Friction Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Performance cotton pants are ultra-soft and wrinkle-free for smooth comfort that lasts all day.   wrinkle-free permanent crease straight fit sits at waist trimmer through seat and thigh straight leg comfort waist zip front with button closure flat front front side-seam pockets back button-through welt pockets hemmed cotton washable imported
Slip into these casual sandals and breeze through the warm-weather months with ease.   plastic upper slip on rubber sole
Faceted beads lighten the glamorous style of these shaky earrings for a show-stopping look.   Metal: Black-tone metal Stones: Black and blue glass beads Back: Wire Dimensions: ¼x1¼ long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Class it up, day or night, with an Alexis leather briefcase.   interior pockets expandable for storing all your accessories hardside exterior for durability Leather. Measures 18x4½x13H. Imported.
This versatile bracelet watch goes anywhere you do with unbeatable class and style. Its easy-read dial ticks away the minutes with precision quartz movement. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.   Brand: Journee Collection Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: Push-button deployment Movement: Quartz Case Width: 38mm Case Thickness: 14.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 18.33mm wide Special Features: Crystal mineral   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Abundant fringe brings drama to this muffler wrap. 18x64 acrylic dry clean imported
A wild print and easy slip-on design make these ballet flats a perfect fit for your unique style. polyester upper cushioned footbed flexible textile sole
Wrap bracelet with multicolor genuine jasper beads, faceted crystals and brown rope gives your look bohemian coolness. A silver-plated charm steals the spotlight, engraved with Faith is key to life – past, present and future.Metal: Silver-plated brassStones: Multicolor genuine jasper beadsOther Stones: CrystalsMaterial: Brown ropeClosure: Button and loopDimensions: 23½ longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Exquisite genuine gemstone ring features a trillion-cut peridot beautifully accented by round white topaz that frame the sparkling green center stone and line the sterling silver shank.   Metal: Sterling silver Stone: 7mm geniune peridot Other Stones: 1mm genuine white topaz Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 7mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care
Experience vibrant watercolor effects in a gorgeous floral pattern with this rectangular rug. It's sure to add a classic look to any room.   floral pattern power loomed polypropylene synthetic backing crafted in Belgium   ½ overall thickness measures 7 in diameter        Stain Resistant: No      Fade Resistant: No      Slip Resistant: No      Fire Retardant: Yes      Rug Pad Recommended: Yes      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Blot spills. Professionally clean when needed.      Origin: Imported
Quickly boil water for tea, hot chocolate or instant soup with this electric kettle. stainless steel electric kettle has a button-activated, flip-cover opening  removable anti-scale filter  360º rotational base  easy-to-view water level indicator 1.7-liter capacity AC/DC. Stainless steel. Measures 8.7x7.5x9.8H. Hand wash. Imported. 
Slip into our comfortable and casual Propet Vista Walker leather shoes with a breathable lining and soft cushioning for ultimate wearability.   construction leather upper polyurethane sole details slip on two self-adhesive straps removable cushioned footbed firm heel counter padded collar and tongue mesh lining
A delicate design and pretty details adorn this crossbody bag that's made for afternoons in the sun. adjustable strap, 6-24 drop top zip closure synthetic; polyester lining 2 exterior zip pockets 2 interior slip pockets, 6 credit card slots and zip pocket 7⅔x11x2¼D imported
Comfortable, versatile and easy to wear, our short-sleeve floral asymmetric tee is the perfect addition to your stylish wardrobe. crewneck pullover 27½ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Go ahead and get a little wild with our tiger geo-striped cowlneck sweater. 28 front length rayon/nylon hand wash, dry flat imported
A luxurious satin weave provides subtle sheen to this sophisticated sateen pajama set. includes top and pants easy-care fabric reduces wrinkling notch collar chest pocket long sleeves elastic waist with drawstring button fly cotton/polyester washable imported
This 4-piece pajama set, featuring fun allover printed graphics, will be fun for bedtime mix-and-matching and cozy slumber. includes 2 short-sleeve shirts and 2 pants ribbed neckline and cuffs no-pinch elastic waistband 100% cotton washable imported For child’s safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Express all your love with our personalized, oversized pilsner glass, a perfect and fun gift for your father clear glass 11.5H; holds up to 54 oz. (4.5 beers) hand wash imported Engraving options: may be engraved with a custom line (max 12 characters, dash before custom line is standard) at no additional cost.
Whether you're running, working out or just relaxing, our open-leg fleece pants will keep you going in comfort. relaxed fit drawstring waist 1 turn-back cuffs 31½ inseam cotton/polyester cotton/polyester/spandex 2x2 ribbed trim washable imported
Glamour and elegance is yours as you wow them all in our sleeveless sheath dress featuring a sparkling low-lying cowl neck. cowl neck sleeveless approx. 42 length from shoulders fully lined polyester/spandex spot clean made in America RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Pull back your curtains with these elegant holdbacks that serve as both a stylish decor accent and to customize lighting in your room.●    modern metallic finish●    set of 2●    polyurethane/resin●    imported  
Comfy and casual, our crochet shorts are great for your relaxed warm-weather outfit.●    elastic waist●    3 inseam●    polyester●    lining: cotton/polyester●    washable●    imported  
This elegant Euro pillow completes your bedding with its intricate ivory and taupe embroidery. soft blue background with embellished border 1/2 mini flange trim removable cover and invisible zip closure 26x26 sold individually coordinating accessories sold separately cotton; polyester fill spot clean imported
A breezy look that moves beautifully is a must-have with the feminine silhouette of our pleated midi skirt. approx. 27 - 29⅜ length polyester lined machine wash, line dry imported
It’s hard not to notice your sophisticated style when you’re wearing this watch. A blue enamel dial has easy-read numerals and is framed by a sporty bezel.   Brand: Geneva Dial Color: Blue Strap: Navy silicone Movement: Quartz Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 22mm wide Model No.: 33474   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This adjustable curtain rod is an easy way to get an updated look and frame your window for a whole new view. ⅝ diameter rod with decorative finials telescoping rod accommodates your window width rod length excludes finials; add 2⅝ to each end for finials; allow 2 clearance for rod includes rods, mounting brackets and hardware steel rod and brackets; resin finials imported
Our most versatile rugs come in a wide array of sizes and shapes to suit any room of your home.   cut-and-loop pile creates a subtle architectural border element for a clean-lined, stylish look taped edges and bar-tacked corners thick, heavyweight, easy-to-clean yarn is ideal for high-traffic areas machine-tufted construction highly durable nylon crafted in America ¼ to ⅝ pile height range; 1⅜overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable Origin: Made in America
The multi-strap design and floral print add darling dimension to our sleeveless A-line dress. v-neck sleeveless 35 length from shoulder polyester lining rayon machine wash, line dry imported
The Jockey Staycool midway brief features advanced technology to help regulate your skin's temperature by as much as 3 degrees to help you stay more comfortable. Staycool technology tag free 100% cotton washable imported
Round out an elegant look in your choice of these classic 14K gold ball stud earrings. Three-pair set includes graduated sizes of 14K gold ball studs, 3mm, 4mm and 5mm.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Setting: Prong Back: Friction Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A classic style, this Chuck Taylor sneaker is perfect for everyday casual wear.construction•    soft canvas upper•    vulcanized construction for durability•    rubber outsole grips surfacedetails•    provides all-day comfort•    elastic collar for easy on-and-off•    low-profile design  
This half-gallon growler works perfectly for transporting your favorite beers from a preferred brewery to your home, as well as transporting your own beverages with you when you're on the go.   glass body can be custom-etched with a single block initial topped securely by a screw-on metal cap holds up to 64 ounces great gift for any beer aficionado Glass/metal. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
Add a splash of panache to your high-traffic areas with this indoor/outdoor rug that features a flowing leaf pattern and tempting color palette. mold and mildew resistant flat woven construction durable polypropylene easy-care crafted in Turkey ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Synthetic Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: No, the synthetic backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Rinse off with a hose. Origin: Imported  
Soak up the sun in our one-piece swimsuit from Liz Claiborne, featuring a floral print and bow at the waist for an extra feminine touch. adjustable, detachable straps removable soft cups bow elastic belt with hook closure fully lined nylon/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
A classic denim look made with comfort in mind so your baby girl can look her cutest while playing all day. adjustable shoulder straps genuine metal hardware functional pockets zip-close bib pocket rolled, tacked raw-edge cuffs nickel-free snaps along the legs 100% cotton denim washable imported
Durable and ready for anything, Nike quarter socks deliver comfort and impact protection during the heat of competition.   package includes 6 pairs cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Infuse chic charm into your warm-weather wardrobe with our sleeveless lace sharkbite dress. scoopneck sleeveless approx. 40½-48½ length from shoulder lined lace nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported 
Ultra-cool aviator sunglasses get a contemporary flair with patterned temples you’ll love to rock.   ideal for triangular oval shapes UV protection metal frames imported WARNING: This product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm.
Whether you're simmering sauces or cooking up some paella, our 7-quart sauteuse pan has great multi-layer nonstick and handles that make it easy to move from stove to oven.  includes tempered glass lid oven-safe to 450°F triple layer PFOA-free nonstick for lasting release hard-anodized aluminum for even heating durable, cast stainless steel loop handles dishwasher safe made in America
She'll be thrilled to receive this exquisite blue topaz and diamond-accent bracelet. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: 4mm square genuine Swiss blue topazOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: ProngClosure: Lobster claspLength: 7¼ or 8 Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Men's workwear jacket from Tough Duck in a durable washed canvas is ready to go to work for you.   100% cotton washed Tough Duck™ quilted 5-oz. polyester insulation attached hood with drawstring inside pocket cell pocket 2 chest pockets 2 front scoop pockets heavy-duty zipper front knit cuffs and waist cotton and polyester washable imported
Contrast stitching and studded accents add interest to our slide sandals, featuring Cushion Soft technology for effortless everyday comfort and an OrthoLite™footbed to absorb impact with every step.  technology Cushion Soft technology for effortless everyday comfort OrthoLite footbed absorbs impact with every step and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction leather upper EVA sole details 1.5 heel 3 hook-and-loop closures studded accents open toe
The Converse All Star is the shoe that revolutionized the game of basketball and later became a worldwide favorite known as the Chuck Taylor. A true American icon, the classic design hasn't changed since Chuck wore them himself.UNISEX SIZING: Men's sizes shown. Women order 2 sizes smaller than your normal size. For example: If you wear a women's size 7, order size 5, etc. canvas upper bears the original Chuck Taylor Patch logo rubber toe bumper and arch grommets durable rubber sole 
Dressed up or laid-back—our stretch-cotton belted ankle pants can pull off whatever look you're going for. flat front straight leg zip fly with hook-and-bar-closure 1 front watch pocket 2 back welt pockets 30 inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Great for those warmer weather days and a fantastic fit for a number of looks, these cropped jeans include an adjustable belt and can be paired with a tee on a casual day or worn with a blouse for a dressier look. 5 pocket design: 2 front pockets, 2 back pockets, 1 coin pocket button closure cuffed hem white: cotton/spandex all other colors: cotton/polyester/viscose/spandex washable imported
Give your modern look a colorblock update in our sleek sheath dress perfect for workday chic or nighttime glam. sleeveless boatneck approx. 37 - 39 length from shoulder polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Roll out the red carpet for our darling satin chiffon gown that will make a stylish impression. cowlneck center back zipper sleeveless 54 length from shoulder polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Find some chilly-day perfection with our duster cardigan finished with ribbed knit texture for a look you'll want to curl up in. approx. 29⅛ - 30¾ front length acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
Bring a fresh look to your table with this 16-piece porcelain dinnerware set blooming with a bountiful floral design.   high-fired vitrified porcelain chip resistant microwave and freezer-to-oven safe oven-safe up to 450° 16-piece set includes 4 each: 10½” dinner plate 7½” salad plate 5½” cereal bowl 12-ounce mug Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Get him ready for school or to stay overnight with his favorite comic superhero backpack. top loop handle adjustable shoulder straps full-zip main compartment 10Hx8Wx3.5D polyester wipe clean imported
Classic style meets raw edge to create a casual-chic denim essential of the season. regular fit low rise 5-pocket style 9 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Take your athletic comfort to the streets in these stylish joggers with allover topographical map print. sits at waist regular fit banded waist with drawstring side-seam pockets cuffed bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
Our city-fit skinny boyfriend ankle pants are the perfect pick from work to weekend. city fit skinny leg misses: 30 inseam petite: 28 inseam cotton/rayon/spandex washable imported
These fleece joggers are no slouch, offering easy-going comfort in a modern fit that goes well off the beaten path. slim fit elastic waist front slant pockets single-welt back pocket 29 inseam cuffed bottom grey marled: 67% cotton/33% polyester black and indigo: 95% cotton/5% elastane washable imported
Give your bedtime style a sportier appeal in this raglan-sleeve crewneck from the U.S. Polo Association. crewneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Stacked crystal orbs sparkle around a metal column, drawing attention to the shimmering brilliance of this table lamp.   round white/gray fabric shade satin nickel finish on/off twin pull chains Metal/crystal. Measures 31H. Polyester shade is 9½H with 14½ bottom and top diameters. Uses two 60W bulbs, max., not included. Assembly required. Imported.  
Rain or shine, this indoor/outdoor rug keeps on looking great with fibers constructed to withstand the elements.   mold and mildew resistant woven construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Egypt 0.157 pile height; 0.25 overall thickness measures 7'10 in diameter Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Polypropylene Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Care Instructions: Spot clean Use: Indoor/outdoor Origin: Imported  
Slip into these cute, bow-adorned ballet flats any day of the week. synthetic upper slip on rubber sole
This tote features double side pockets that are perfect for your cell phone or keys. double top handles, 10 drop top zip closure synthetic; polyester lining 2 interior slip pockets and zip pocket 12½x16x5D imported
Featuring an innovative lightweight fit and a moisture-wicking technology, our adidas no-show socks keep you cool, dry and style-right when your energy level heats up. package of 6 pairs climalite® yarns wick moisture knit-in textured 3-stripe extra arch support polyester/spandex/natural latex rubber           imported                                                                     fits shoe sizes 5-10
A straight neckline cami in soft, sheer dot mesh point d’espirit is lavished with pretty lace in all the right places.   nylon/spandex  hand wash, dry flat imported
Tie tack is an elegantly modern way to keep your tie neatly in place.   gift boxed brass/crystal/enamel/stainless steel imported
Fill any room with streaming music from your Bluetooth device with this wireless speaker featuring a charging dock so you never have to stop listening. compatible with iPhone®, iPod® touch, iPad® and most Android™ and Blackberry® devices handsfree speakerphone echo cancellation supports Bluetooth v2.1 33' wireless range digital volume control built-in stereo speakers AC/DC. Plastic. Measures 11.1x5.3x4.5H. Imported. iPhone and iPad are registered trademarks of Apple, Inc.   
Savor the outdoor entertainment season by having all the essentials on hand at a moment's notice. Our willow picnic basket comes fully equipped so all you need to add is your favorite foods. stainless steel utensils with polypropylene handles imported Set includes: willow basket: 18x12x8.25H 2 knives 2 forks 2 spoons 2 5.625 wine glasses; holds 4.74-ounces each 6.5H bottle opener 2.7 melamine plate
Casual, laidback days call for the cozy fleece comfort of these Frozen jogger pants. elastic waist with drawstring 2 pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Whether you're traveling near or far, this lightweight, multi-directional spinner luggage rolls upright to take the weight off your arm and shoulder, making your journey a little easier. 1 interior compartment with mesh modesty pocket for personal items 2 exterior compartments lightweight for easy use large interior front panel pocket for added organization compression straps keep clothing neatly packed while traveling case expands 1¾ for added packing capacity water resistant Nylon with nylon lining. Measures 15x8x20¾H; weighs 6.5 pounds. Spot clean. Imported. 
Double rows of genuine emeralds lends an extra dose of sophistication to this white gold diamond-accented band.  Metal: 14K white gold Stones: Genuine emeralds Other Stones: Diamond accents   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add some flair to your casual wardrobe with our comfortable and versatile flutter-sleeve striped tee. roundneck short sleeves misses: approx. 23⅝-25¼ length  talls: approx. 25⅝-27¼ length rayon washable imported
Our tee is made from moisture-wicking fabric to keep you cool and dry and features the Asics logo for a cool, athletic look.  crewneck short sleeves fitted polyester washable imported
Wear these adorable casual textured flats can be dressy with their pointed toe and fun bow detail. cotton upper with bow cushioned insole for comfort fabric outsole
A step up from her everyday look, this peter pan collar blouse will be her new favorite go-to.   wrinkle no more fabric peter pan collar long sleeves button up back darts for feminine fit cotton/polyester washable imported
This product will be available for all clients online on February 29 and in stores on March 14. What it is: A lightweight, full-coverage hydrating foundation infused with tarte's Rainforest of the Sea™ complex and non-chemical SPF 15 sunscreen. What it is formulated to do: Deliver the ultimate in hydration-boosting coverage with tarte’s 12-hour water foundation. The concentrated, full-coverage fluid formula features 20 percent water to quench dry skin as it covers and masks any redness, dark spots, and uneven skintone while softening the look of pores and fine lines. The custom dropper applicator delivers the perfect level of moisture-rich coverage in an array of shades to match any skintone. Powered by tarte’s antioxidant-packed Rainforest of the Sea™ complex and non-chemical SPF 15 sunscreen, the hypoallergenic formula helps restore, brighten, and defend skin from free radical damage and early signs of aging for a smooth, soft, radiant complexion. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Phthalates What else you need to know: This product is hypoallergenic and dermatologist tested. Research results: In a consumer use study, immediately upon application: - 97% of women said their skin appeared smoother and softer - 97% of women said their skin appeared brighter - 97% said their skin appeared more radiant Suggested Usage: -Using the dropper applicator, dispense directly onto a foundation brush, then gently buff into skin in circular motions. -For light coverage, use one to two drops. -For medium to full coverage, use three to four drops. -For the perfect airbrushed effect, apply with tarte’s double-ended foundation brush (sold separately), designed to target and blend the moisture-rich formula all over the face. Size:1 ozIngredients: -Rainforest of the Sea™ complex (a proprietary blend of algae and marine flower extracts): Helps reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while smoothing and softening the skin’s appearance. -Vitamin E: Acts as a natural preservative, emollient, and antioxidant. Water, glycerin, isododecane, cyclopentasiloxane, phenyl trimethicone, nylon-12, dipropylene glycol, caprylic/capric triglyceride, cyclohexasiloxane, SD Alcohol 40-B, aluminum starch octenylsuccinate, butylene glycol, cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 dimethicone, magnesium sulfate, alumina, PEG-9 polydimethylsiloxyethyl dimethicone, silica, talc, iron oxides, sorbitan isostearate, stearalkonium hectorite, polyglyceryl-4 isostearate, hexyl laurate, aluminum hydroxide, stearic acid, caprylyl glycol, propylene carbonate, dimethicone, hydrogen dimethicone, phenoxyethanol, triethoxycaprylylsilane, tocopheryl acetate, 1,2-hexanediol, cocos nucifera (coconut) oil, algae extract, gardenia tahitensis flower extract, tocopherol.
Our chiffon tank top has a colorful allover print and includes a detachable necklace for the perfect warm-weather look. scoopneck includes necklace chiffon polyester washable
This product will be available for all clients online on February 29 and in stores on March 14. What it is: A cruelty-free, double-ended brush to buff on a customized amount of creamy concealer to hide dark circles, redness, and hyperpigmentation. What it does: The Airbrusher™ Double-Ended Concealer Brush is designed to mask any beauty imperfection like a pro. The versatile brush features soft, dense bristles in different sizes to buff on custom coverage all over the contours of the face. The smaller, precision brush is ideal for brightening the undereye area or sweeping concealer over acne and dark spots. The larger buffing brush helps to conceal any redness, hyperpigmentation, or other imperfections, offering full, buildable coverage without any streaking. It’s ideal for applying the Rainforest of the Sea™ Aquacealer Concealer (sold separately).Suggested Usage: -This brush features soft, dense bristles designed for buffing creamy concealer formulas onto skin with no streaking. -Start by dotting concealer directly onto blemishes and imperfections using the concealer’s custom applicator wand. -Use the Airbrusher™ to buff formula into skin, using the smaller brush for targeted spot coverage and the opposite buffing brush to cover larger discolorations and redness.
When you need a multifunctional top, our short-sleeve v-neck melange T-shirt offers comfort for all-day casual wear and measures up during workouts too.   Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry stretch fabric for freedom of movement UV protection from harmful rays polyester washable imported  
A beautiful jacquard pattern adds an elegant focal point to this oblong decorative pillow.   satin fabric in rich ivory decorative satin trim measures 20x15  Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Our washable linen shirt from Claiborne brings a breezy perspective to your daily dress in a variety of soft colors. point collar button front long sleeves left chest pocket adjustable button cuffs slightly rounded hem 100% linen washable imported
Organization is in bloom with this cheerful, daisy-print diaper bag set. Large and small totes feature multiple exterior pockets for keeping your essentials within reach. double handles zip closure large bag has 4 exterior pockets 2 interior bottle loops easy-wipe accessory pouch for wet clothes or dirty diapers removable changing pad 16x5x12H polyester spot clean with damp cloth imported 5-piece set includes: large diaper bag small diaper bag bottle holder changing pad accessory pouch
With superior cushioning and a sleek, sporty style, our breathable Puma Cell Riaze athletic shoes will set you apart from the rest.   technology 10-Cell Bubble technology in heel for shock-absorption EVA midsole construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details lace-up entry two-tone mesh with bonded synthetic overlays TPU shank and heel for stability and support
Generously sized and luxuriously overfilled, this elegant comforter set offers classic design with an allover jacquard construction to give any room's décor an extravagant quality.                        tailored comforter with jacquard and flange trim soft lavender with neutral tones polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt washable; spot clean decorative pillows full comforter: 80x90 queen comforter: 92x96 king comforter: 110x96 cal. king comforter: 104x100 imported 7-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop 3 decorative pillows Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full and queen sets include standard shams. King and cal. king sets include king shams. King and cal. king comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
true Save time, effort and your energy bill this this powerful gas dryer. Multi-Steam technology provides flexible steaming options to remove wrinkles, odors and bacteria from clothes, making it perfect for everything from button-downs to baseball tees. ENERGY STAR® qualified 7.4 cu. ft. capacity lets you do more laundry in each load knob control and LED display Multi-Steam™ Technology lets you easily remove wrinkles, odors, bacteria and static from your clothes 11 drying cycles with Moisture Sensor that adjusts drying time based on when clothes are dry to save energy 4 temperature settings child lock feature prevent unintended use Smart Care lets you troubleshoot appliance problems from your smartphone patented Eco Dry technology can help save up to 25% less energy with every load reversible door makes it easy to load and unload laundry for your convenience
Keep your look crisp and fresh all day long with stain-fighting, wrinkle-resisting pants from St. John's Bay.   treated to repel and release stains wrinkle-free fabric classic fit sits at waist eased fit through seat and thigh pleated zip front with button closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back button-through single-welt pockets cotton washable imported
Dressing for work is easy with this travel performance dress shirt protected by Scotchgard.   treated with stain release and repel Scotchgard™ technology super blended broadcloth point collar button front rounded patch pocket long sleeves rounded cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
These fluffy, soft solid towels can brighten up your bathroom with beautiful pops of color or showcase your fine taste with colorful tones.   ultra-soft, absorbent 100% ring-spun cotton fade resistant superb durability, double-stitched end hems and side seams low-lint technology available in a variety of colors coordinates with the JCPenney Home Striped Bath Towels and the JCPenney Home Bath Rug Collection, sold separately Cotton. Washable. Imported. 6-piece set includes: Bath towel: 30x54” Hand towel: 16x28” Washcloth: 13x13” You can purchase these towels individually, but your best value is to buy the six-piece set together. The set will give your bathroom a coordinated look and feel while saving you money. Care tip: Avoid contact with skincare products to help minimize towel spotting or bleaching.
What it is: A limited-edition Mia 2 Cleansing Device with rejuvenating and brightening skin care favorites from Ole Henriksen for soft, radiant skin. What it is formulated to do: Think beyond the washcloth and amp up your cleansing regimen to a sonic level with Clarisonic’s Mia 2 Ole Henriksen Favorites Set. Its patented sonic technology gently removes the impurities traditional cleaning methods leave behind, cleansing six times better than your hands alone. In just 60 seconds, its sonic action removes impurities from pores so that creams, serums, and moisturizers are more effective. With regular daily use, you'll notice a visible reduction in the appearance of dry patches, oily areas, and blemishes. The Mia 2 Facial Cleansing Device features two speeds: a universal speed for daily cleansing and a delicate speed for a lighter cleanse when skin is especially sensitiveand it comes equipped with a Sensitive Brush Head. With its soft, rounded bristles, the Sensitive Brush Head gives a deep yet gentle cleanse for all skin types. Also included in this limited edition set is a trio of anti-oxidant rich skin care favorites from Ole Henriksen. This set contains: - Mia 2 Facial Cleansing Device - Joy - Sensitive Brush Head (installed) - White Protective Case - 1.5 oz Ole Henriksen African Red Tea Foaming Cleanser - 0.5 oz Ole Henriksen Truth Serum - 0.5 oz Ole Henriksen Sheer Transformation - Universal Voltage pLink Charger What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: Clarisonic has the power to remove 30 times more age-accelerating pollutants than manual cleansing. It should be used as part of a daily skincare routine to provide skin that feels and looks smoother. Ideal for all skin types, it is used and recommended by leading dermatologists and cosmetic surgeons. This product has a two year device warranty. Research results: In a 12-week study on women, after using the Clarisonic Mia 2 compared to the cleansing method: - 98% noted softer, smoother skin - 82% noticed more radiant and glowing skin - 98% of women noticed an improvement in skin texture - 88% noticed an improvement in skintoneSuggested Usage: -Prior to the first use, charge the Clarisonic handle for 24 hours. -Remove eye makeup by hand. -Wet your skin and the brush head with warm water. -Liberally apply cleanser to your skin or to the brush head. -Push the on/off button to turn your Clarisonic on and gently move the brush using a small circular motion, beginning on the forehead, then moving to the nose/chin area and the cheeks as the T-TIMER prompts. -Pressing too hard will impede the motion of the brush and reduce its effectiveness. -The outer brushes are designed to contain any residual mist from the brush oscillation, so be sure to hold the brush head flush to your skin. -The Clarisonic handle is waterproof and may be used in the shower or bathtub. -For best results, replace your Clarisonic brush head every three to four months. -Get a separate brush head for each user. -Using the Clarisonic to remove makeup may stain the bristles, but will not affect performance. -If discoloration occurs, clean the brush head with soap and water. -For best results, replace brush head every three months.Ingredients: -Proprietary Five-Source Vitamin C Complex: Brightens, supports natural collagen, firms the look of skin, and provides essential antioxidant protection. -African Red Tea: Supports antiaging and strengthening the skin’s outer layer; calms and soothes the skin.
Our white denim shorties have a fun, cute and feminine crochet finish along the hem that makes them an irresistible addition to any warm-weather ensemble. elastic adjustable waist 2 side pockets 2 patch back pockets stretch denim with frayed hem zip fly with shank button 2.75 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
This fast-absorbing blend of oils moisturizes and nourishes the hair and scalp with essential nutrients for silky, smooth, healthy-looking hair. includes tea tree oil, peppermint oil, silk and chamomile provides natural UV and thermal protection   Made in America.   How to use: Apply to wet or dry hair. Style as usual.   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Make a splash with these rain boots and don't let bad weather get the best of you. synthetic upper 9½ shaft height 15 shaft circumference rubber sole
Perfect for whenever he needs to look good in the classroom or casual to semi-casual occasions, this short-sleeve tee features a contrasted breast pocket for an added touch of style.   crewneck 1 contrasted left-breast pocket colorblock short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Set hearts aflutter by coordinating these adorable butterfly tights with any girly look includes 2 pairs of tights elastic waist ruffled lace hem 100% cotton washable imported
Our hooded black coat from JF J. Ferrar has a modern style that’s appropriate for both business and casual wear. And the polyester-wool fabric offers both midweight warmth and water resistance. water-resistant laminated fabric midweight warmth lined hood with drawsring zip front exterior slash pockets interior besom pocket shell: polyester/wool/other lining: polyester dry clean only imported
With workout-ready details to amp up the comfort level, our full-zip jacket from Jockey offers active performance with style. long sleeves mockneck reflective zipper detail fits into packaway pouch reflective logo detail approx. 26 - 27¼ front length nylon ripstop polyester mesh washable imported
Donald's feathered girlfriend Daisy is ready to create big smiles in true Disney style.   Disney Collection only at JCPenney soft premium plush with detailed sculpting embroidered features approximately 18H polyester spot clean imported
What it is:A silicone facial brush for sensitive to normal skin that channels both T-sonic pulsations for deep and gentle cleansing, and lower-frequency pulsations to reduce the signs of aging. What it does:The LUNA for Sensitive/Normal Skin’s brush surface features thinner silicone touch-points for gentle cleansing, with an area of thicker touch-points grouped towards the top for deeper, precision cleansing. The antiaging surface on the reverse side consists of a series of concentric silicone waves. The LUNA reduces the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles and leaves the skin looking and feeling firmer and more elastic. It removes dead skin cells and unclogs pores of dirt, oil, and makeup residue, while enhancing the absorption of your favorite skincare products. What else you need to know:This facial brush is phthalate-free and uses body-safe silicone. It comes with a charger and a two-year warranty. FOREO is revolutionizing the beauty world.Vogue Suggested Usage:-Use for two minutes twice daily with any cleanser, with the exception of clay-based, silicone-based, or grainy cleansers, exfoliators, or scrubs. -To use, turn on, apply cleanser, wet brush surface, and cleanse face and rinse. -After, apply the antiaging surface to wrinkle-prone areas. Precautions:-Anyone who suffers from a serious skin condition should consult their dermatologist before using the LUNA. -Clay-based, silicone-based, or grainy cleansers, exfoliators, or scrubs should be avoided, as they may harm the LUNA's soft silicone touch-points.
Brand: JBWStrap: Pink siliconeWater Resistance: 50mBracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long; 22mm wideModel No.: JB-20-RUB-PINKSILV Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
These Arizona bootcut jeans feature girly, embellished back pockets that give casual looks an extra kick of style. adjustable elastic waist zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling embroidered back pockets dark rinse: cotton/polyester/spandex other colors: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our tank top from a.n.a has a flowy fit and minimalist design that makes for a playful top.●    roundneck●    zipper at center back●    approx. 26⅛ length●    polyester●    washable●    imported  
Quickly and easily clean up everything from dry debris to liquid spills with the Black Series Wet/Dry Auto Vacuum. Versatile and lightweight vacuum is also ideal for inflating pool floats and air mattresses.   vacuums both wet and dry debris convenient 3’ hose for hard-to-reach places 12V DC power plug for convenient use in car or boat extra-long, 7’ power cord for greater reach during cleaning 4 useful attachments for cleaning and inflating 8x8x10”H plastic imported
Solid construction makes this wheeled bag last for years.   interior pockets hardside exterior for durability Leather. Measures 18x3½x13H. Imported.
Get just the amount of coverage you want in these capri pajama pants from Liz Claiborne. drawstring waist 21 inseam capri style cotton/modal/spandex washable imported
This lab-created emerald and white sapphire ring offers a subtle hint of gemstone color and shine, making it the perfect jewelry box staple.Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: Round lab-created emeralds and white sapphiresSettings: ProngGallery Height: 4mmGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our capris are made with comfortable, flexible fabric that's perfect for your yoga sessions. straigh leg midrise relaxed fit 20 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Add creative flair to your look with these slingback sandals featuring a beaded T-strap and funky design. synthetic upper beaded embellishments rubber sole
Our bath towels are made with comfortable cotton that features red dobby stripes in tones of crimson and gray for an elegant look. coordinating accessories are sold separately 100% cotton bath towel: 25x50 hand towel: 16x26 washable imported
In addition to never worrying about battery juice, this rugged sport watch is always accurate, thanks to self-adjusting atomic timekeeping technology. An afterglow backlight offers an easy-to-read display of data. Brand: Casio Dial Color: Black Strap: Black resin Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 200m Case Width: 43mm Case Thickness: 12mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 23mm wide Model No.: GWM5610-1CR Special Features: Shock-resistant structure; powered by light (natural and artificial) for a free and limitless power supply; radio-controlled atomic accuracy; 1/100th-second stopwatch for measuring elapsed and split time; world time; countdown timer Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our jersey skirt features a comfy elastic waist and relaxed fit for a cool, casual look that looks great with a variety of tops.  elastic waist with drawstring side pockets mid rise relaxed fit 17½-18¾ length outer skirt: cotton/spandex inner shorts: polyester/spandex washable imported
Get them off to a great start with this toy drum set that features all the durability and quality they need to start on the path to stage play. perfect for early beginners and kids wood drum shells includes mounting hardware includes drumsticks and drum tuning key wood/metal alloy/mylar wipe clean 28x27x25H assembly required; key tool included imported 3-piece set includes: 8x13 bass drum 5x8.5 tom tom 5x10 snare drum
What’s cooking? This black leather strap watch is ready with its chef’s hat, wine and wooden spoon on the dial. Packaged in a box for easy gift giving. Made in America.   Brand: Whimsical Watches Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 38.1mm Case Thickness: 3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 10 long; 16mm wide Model No.: U-0310002 Special Features: Scratch-resistant glass   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Glittering Swarovski® Cubic Zirconia sparkle between cultured freshwater pearls on this stunning sterling silver flex bangle bracelet. Metal: Sterling silverStones: Swarovski® Cubic ZirconiaPearl Type: Cultured freshwater pearlsPearl Color: WhitePearl Size: 6-7.5x6.5x8mmDimensions: 7 long Each piece in the Sofia certified cultured pearl collection is individually examined for quality.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
On your mark! Get set! Go! The tenth generation of the GEL-Noosa Tri series keeps the energy amped up to for avid runners and triathletes. technology Impact Guidance System design enhances the foot's natural gait from heel strike to toe-off heel clutching system/ WET GRIP sole rearfoot and forefoot GEL® cushioning systems attenuates shock during impact and allows movement in multiple planes as the foot transitions through the gait cycle Propulsion System engineered for ultimate comfort construction nylon mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole with ASICS high abrasion AHAR rubber placed in critical areas for exceptional durability light weight solyte® midsole sleek design with seamless construction and technical engineered mesh for sockless wear mono-sock fit details optional elastic laces and heel-and-tongue grips make transition a breeze  
Softened by its luxurious fiber-filled back and fashionable tapered feet, this pad-arm loveseat features clean, rectangular styling elements and a handsome finish that stands out in any space.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery premium elastic webbing cushions filled with polyurethane foam and a bonded polyester comfort layer removable feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 59Wx38Dx35H overall with a 19 seat height, 22 seat depth and 18 seat back height. Imported.
Our bandeau features allover lace and a decorative crisscross back for more girly charm.  strapless allover lace nylon/spandex washable imported
Our cotton duck thermal roman shade is the perfect, stylish solution for reducing energy costs.   100% cotton duck fabric is backed with insulating thermal acrylic foam unique design folds neatly as shade is raised auto-locking pull cord protect your home from the heat and cold white backing faces outside for uniform exterior appearance optional 7 valance Sold individually. Cotton. Window must be at least 1 deep for inside mount; 1¾ deep for flush inside mount. Mounting hardware included. Vacuum or dust. Imported.  *Cost savings represent the relative cost of heating or cooling an area to account for heat lost or gained through a window. Savings reflect comparison to a bare single-pane window. Energy Savings logo developed by JCPenney for exclusive use. Energy Savings testing conducted by an independent third-party laboratory.
Featuring an up-close image of the villainous Kylo Ren raising his Sith lightsaber, this towel turns any beach day into a galactic adventure. absorbent cotton terry fabric high-quality printed design Cotton. Measures 28x58. Washable. Imported. Care tip: Some lint may be observed in the first few launderings of towels, and will diminish with each subsequent laundering. This does not affect the look, feel or performance of your towels. Please follow the recommended care instructions on the label and keep the lint trap clean on your dryer.
Get geared up for your workout at the gym or relaxation time at home with our versatile leggings, designed with style and comfort in mind. foldover waistband 23 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
A uniquely printed dress and sheathed short-sleeve jacket make for a stunning combo that's fit for your work or weekend ensemble. jacket: roundneck, short sleeves dress: scoopneck, sleeveless jacket: 17½ length dress: 41½ length polyester/spandex washable imported
With a casual fit and feel, our two-tone tuck-stitch sweater was just meant to go with your favorite jeans. roundneck side slits cotton/rayon/acrylic machine wash, tumble dry and dry flat imported approx. 25⅝ - 27⅝ back length
Our Liz Claiborne ankle pants have a modern length and an upgraded look that keep you looking your best. 2 front and 2 back pockets petite: approx. 24 inseam misses: approx 27 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
She'll look great in these denim Bermuda shorts featuring rolled cuffs and an elastic waist for a comfortable fit.  relaxed fit flat front 5-pocket style elastic waist button-snap closure 4 ½  inseam rolled cuffs shorts: ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex pocket lining: polyester washable imported
Insert some variety into your casual style with No Retreat tee. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Our hitting mat features turf that mimics the driving range, perfect for practicing chipping and driving. skid-resistant foam backing rubber tee included simulates playing on a well-groomed fairway or tee box rubber 12.4x5.5x5.6H wipe clean made in America
Head out for your next run in our shorts, featuring an inner bike short with a key pocket, a reflective logo and moisture-wicking fabric to keep you cool and dry. moisture-wicking fabric inner bike short with key pocket reflective logo mid rise 4 inseam body: polyester waistband and liner: polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Possibilities fabric furniture program gives you the freedom to create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement. Simply choose your fabric, then select your pieces from the versatile collection of Possibilities sofas, chairs, chaises, corner pieces, sleepers and more.   oak and plywood frame removable and reversible foam cushions removable feet includes an accent pillow Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester/linen blend; 92% polyester/8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 46x39x36H with 20H seat; 5 innerspring mattress. Made in America of imported materials. All colors are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.  
Dotted to perfection and worthy of any royal, this Sofia the First graphic tee is a crowning addition to any warm-weather wardrobe. crewneck short sleeves glitter details 100% cotton washable imported
When fitness is key but the weather is not cooperating, our Bulwark baselayer shirt is a quick fix, giving you additional coverage with a thin profile for layering options.   crewneck short sleeves mesh full side seam gusset flame resistant cotton/polyester washable made in America      
Let Cinderella help her fall into sweet dreams with this throw featuring a princess theme.   pink background soft and cuddly microraschel measures 46x60 Polyester. Washable. Imported.
With a breathable, lightweight structure, this lace-up sneaker features an open-air mesh upper with durable leather and synthetic overlays.technologyexclusive open-air mesh upper provides ventilationconstructiondurable leather and synthetic overlayscomfortable EVA midsole offers supportrubber outsole grips terraindetailsFila classic logo on sideslace-up front for secure fit  
You can bet that our bermuda shorts will be your favorite everyday bottoms with classic denim style and a versatile roll-cuff feature. slim fit low rise 5-pocket style 8¾ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Give her the promise of a lifetime with this modern diamond ring, designed with a center diamond enhanced with shank-inset diamonds.   Metal: 14K yellow gold-plated sterling silver Stone: 1/7 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong and nick Gallery Height: 4.75mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Padded soft cups add comfort and modesty to this wirefree nursing bra.   drop cups for easy nursing adjustable straps back closure nylon machine wash, line dry imported  
The Melissa & Doug® Wild Animals Jigsaw Puzzles in a Box is a fun collection of four 12-piece puzzles to keep your little one entertained.   puzzles include zebra, tiger, lion and elephant; each piece is shape-coded on back for easy sorting includes sturdy wooden 4-compartment storage box; slide-on box lid doubles as convenient puzzle board great for home and travel 7¾x5¾x2½ ages 3+ imported
Accented with a gold-tone cross, this polished silver-tone tie bar lets you wear your faith with pride.   2 x ¼ clip closure engrave up to 3 letters at no charge made in America
Look your absolute best in the flattering fit of our fit-and-flare dress with its bold floral print to add a vibrant attitude.   scoopneck sleeveless belt included approx. 38 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Stay in comfortable motion with our New Balance running shoes the feature a soft underfoot for continuous support on those fun runs. technology CushNB midsole for soft underfoot comfort Flex Notch for increased flexibility construction breathable synthetic/polyester upper rubber sole details lace up  
She’ll stay on time with this colorful watch featuring large hour markers.   Brand: Timex       Dial Color: Watch Strap: Pink fabric Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 29mm Case Thickness: 9.4mm Model No.: T7B1519J Special Features: Date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With the Ultimate Professional Decorating Set, you'll have easy-to-use cake decorating tools, conveniently organized, in a sturdy caddy at your fingertips. This extensive collection contains essential tools for every decorating need from buttercream and royal icing to gum paste and fondant decorating. the Ultimate Tool Caddy features sectioned drawers, spatula slots, pegs for keeping decorating tips organized, an oversized drawer for larger items and more each drawer features a secure snap lid so all your tools stay secure when you're on the go 177 total pieces Set includes: for buttercream and royal icing: 17 decorating tips: round 1, 3, 5, 12; star 1M, 14, 16, 18, 21; petal 59S, 101, 104; leaf 352, 366; bismarck 230; drop flower 2D; multi-opening 233 9 and 11 straight spatulas 9 and 13 angled spatulas two 10 featherweight decorating bags 50 - 12 disposable decorating bags six 15 parchment triangles 4 standard couplers 6 silicone tip covers 4-piece decorating nail set two 2-piece lily nail sets 180 lily stamens 48 flower nail template stickers 6 foil squares wave flower former set 6 flower forming cups tip/coupler dishwasher and storage bag practice board with stand and patterns for fondant and gum paste: button flower fondant cut and press set fondant ribbon cutter/embosser set pansy cutter thick and thin fondant shaping foam 3 decorating brushes dusting pouch thick and thin modeling tools ball tool veining tool 2 dowel rods 2-piece mum cutter set 3-piece round cutouts set 5-piece stepsaving rose flower cutter set calla lily cutter 6 calla lily formers straight scallop cutter 9 rolling pin with 4 rings (two 1/8, two 1/16) fondant smoother 8 cake circle   Ultimate tool caddy to store it all neatly Plastic/metal. Caddy measures 15x8.5x13.7H. Hand wash. Made in America.  
This hamper, lined with a cotton bag for easy transport to the laundry room, is a convenient place to collect your laundry. durable solid wood frame construction bowed front design for added style hand grips on both sides for portability lined with a cotton canvas bag rubber bumpers on lid to prevent marring of painted surface assembly required; screwdriver needed 20¼x15x24¼H wood/veneer/cotton wipe clean with a damp cloth imported
Enjoy effortless style when you’re on the move in these smooth pants from Dockers. Easy-going features include an Individual Fit® waistband, stain release and moisture-wicking, All Motion Comfort® fabric. smooth, no-wrinkle fabric with crease retention moisture-wicking technology helps keep you cool and dry stain release All Motion Comfort fabric stretches with you fade-resistant color straight fit through seat and thigh Individual Fit waistband side-seam pockets back welt pockets flat front straight leg hemmed polyester washable imported
Cool-weather playtime can last a little longer with this warm goggle hat and mittens set. includes hat and mittens 100% cotton washable imported
Infuse some chic charm into your professional style with our sleeveless scuba shift dress. mockneck sleeveless back zipper approx. 33½-39 1/16 length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Femininity is in full force when you wear our sleeveless, pleated dress with a delicate crocheted hem detail. Fully lined, it also features a button closure on the back. scoopneck 34 length from shoulder polyester dress and lining machine wash, line dry imported
This turtle pendant always comes in first place. Dressed in diamonds, it makes a stunning silhouette as it hangs from a gorgeous rope chain necklace.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K yellow gold Stones: 1/10 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long rope chain Pendant Size: 9.5mm long   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Gear up for your shift in well-made jeans that work as hard as you do, with stress point rivets and a heavy duty brass zipper.   relaxed straight fit sits slightly below waist rivets at all stress points heavy-duty brass zipper 6-pocket styling cotton washable imported
Get a sleek look with this shaping slip underneath your clothes.  medium support adjustable straps back smooth nylon washable imported manufacturer's style #WA1130  
The puppies surf to the rescue with this fun Paw Patrol beach towel you're little one will love to lounge with. features fun puppy design cotton washable 58x28 imported
What it is: A luminizing gel primer that can be used as a traditional primer, mixed with foundation, or used as a luminizer/strobing product on top of your foundation for certain areas of the face. What it does: This multipurpose luminizing formula is infused with light reflecting pearls. It creates a flawless canvas for makeup application and extends the wear of your look, but can also be mixed with foundations and moisturizers for an allover glow, It can also be worn over makeup as a luminizer/strobing product. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens Suggested Usage: -Apply a small amount of primer to skin prior to foundation for extended wear, or use alone for a healthy glow. -Freshen your look by applying over makeup throughout the day. Size:1 ozIngredients:Water, Cyclopentasiloxane, Butylene Glycol, Mica, Glycerin, Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Dimethicone, Pentylene Glycol, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Phenyl Trimethicone, Phenoxyethanol, Cetearyl Alcohol, Triceteareth-4 Phosphate, Glycol Stearate, Peg-2 Stearate, Glyceryl Stearate, Peg-100 Stearate, Potassium Cetyl Phosphate, Peg-10 Dimethicone, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Sodium Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Sodium Polyacrylate, Isohexadecane, Laureth-23, Parfum (Fragrance), Xanthan Gum, Ethylhexylglycerin, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Polysorbate 80, Laureth-4, Ci 77491 (Iron Oxides), Tin Oxide, Ci 77492 (Iron Oxides), Potassium Sorbate, Linalool, Sorbitan Oleate, Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides), Geraniol, Hydroxycitronellal, Tocopherol, Silica.
These kids' oxfords with classic Chuck Taylor styling offer durable canvas fashion at a great price!   kids unisex for both boys and girls canvas upper bears the original Chuck Taylor patch logo sturdy styling for long-lasting wear padded footbed cushions your little one's feet with every step vulcanized rubber sole and toe cap for durability and superior traction
Featuring four distinct black-and-white designs—groove, burst, rhythm and bloom—these mugs are an abstract sign of your love for music.   durable porcelain construction easy-grip handles each has a 13-ounce capacity microwave safe set of 4 Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
No tux is complete without a classic vest. Add this version to your tuxedo for that timeless, three-piece look.   big & tall fit satin front panel adjustable back strap polyester dry clean only imported
Sky high style makes you a real standout in our peep toe platform pumps. faux suede upper 4½” heel peep toe slip-resistant synthetic sole
High-performance jacket gives you plenty of options for dealing with whatever Mother Nature throws at you. Wear both layers together for really cold weather, then either layer alone in milder temperatures. Outer layer is waterproof. 3-in-1 functionality sleeve length: S(36), M(36½), L(37), XL(37½), XXL(38) center back length: S(30), M(30½), L(31), XL(31½), XXL(32) inner jacket: shell: nylon; lining: polyester; filling: polyester outer jacket: polyster washable imported Outer Shell: waterproof mechanical stretch (woven to stretch without spandex) stand collar with hidden zipper for detachable hood with drawcord zip front chest zip pocket sleeve zip pocket 2 lower zip hand pockets adjustable self-adhesive cuffs adjustable inside waist and hem Inner Jacket: soft quilted shell with printed quilt lining standup collar zip front left chest logo 2 lower zip pockets inner welt pocket elastic cuffs and waist
Sleep comfortably every night no matter the season with this down-alternative comforter featuring a COOLMAX®  fabric blend that helps to balance your temperature changes. medium warmth pulls moisture away from your skin so you stay dry and comfortable when you sleep 220-thread-count cotton and COOLMAX® sateen cover quilted to keep fill from shifting full/queen: 90x96 king: 108x96 cotton/polyester cover with polyester fill washable imported *COOLMAX® is a trademark of INVISTA
Kickback and relax in these sueded jersey jogger pants, featuring ultra-soft construction and a relaxed fit. relaxed fit slant pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Step up your fashion game with our lace-up wedges that feature intricate lace detail and contrasting heel. construction breathable textile upper durable thermoplastic rubber outsole details lace-up closure for secure fit soft textured pattern
Perfect with your favorite casual looks, our Arizona boat shoes are an ideal pick for any event from the deck to the shore. sequin: textile-cotton/plastic upper metallic: textile-cotton/polyester upper flocked rubber sole  
The shoe that revolutionized the game of basketball and would later become a favorite worldwide, the Chuck Taylor All Star--a true American icon. The classic design hasn't changed since Chuck wore them himself. UNISEX SIZING: Men's sizes shown. Women order 2 sizes smaller than your normal size. For example: If you wear a women's size 7, order size 5, etc.    cotton duck upper bears the original Chuck Taylor Patch logo soft cotton drill inner lining rubber toe bumper and arch grommets durable rubber sole for enhanced traction and control    
This comforter set features a delightful solid color with embroidered details and inspiring decorative pillows as well as a coverlet for added warmth, texture and personality. solid color with contrast inner border and embroidered accents solid-color coverlet for layering decorative pillows feature embroidery and striped details 7-piece Twin sets include: comforter coverlet sham Euro sham bedskirt with 14 drop 2 decorative pillows 9-piece Queen and King sets include: comforter coverlet 2 shams 2 Euro shms bedskirt with 14 drop 2 decorative pillows Twin and Queen sets include standard sham(s). King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams, Euro shams and bedskirt. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x86; coverlet is 66x86; sham is 26x20; Euro sham is 26x26; bedskirt is 75x39; decorative pillows are 18x12 and 18x18 Queen: comforter is 90x90; coverlet is 90x92; shams are 26x20; Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 80x60; decorative pillows are 18x12 and 18x18 King: comforter is 104x90; coverlet is 104x92; shams are 36x20; Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 80x78; decorative pillows are 18x12 and 18x18
Soft and comfortable, our mid-rise velour pants will be your new weekend favorites. drawstring waist straight leg cotton/polyester velour cotton/spandex 1x1 ribbed trim washable imported misses: 31½ inseam; approx. 9¾ - 12⅛ front rise; 15 - 17⅜ back rise petite: 29 inseam; approx. 9½ - 11½ front rise; 14¼ - 16¾ back rise
The perfect pairing of color-enhanced black diamonds and 14K yellow gold over sterling silver makes a strikingly beautiful statement on this mens diamond ring.   Metal: 14K gold over sterling silver Metal Color: Yellow Stone: 1/2 ct. t.w. color-enhanced black round diamonds Setting: Channel Some diamonds may be treated and require special care
Featuring a subtle polka dot theme, these martini glasses bring a little personality to entertaining while maintaining an elegant appeal.   handmade glass construction subtle polka dot theme each has a 7-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Delicate lace detailing and a comfy-chic silhouette sweetens the look of our lace-trim pajama set. polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Our flat-front pants from U.S. Polo Assn. pair with polos or button-front shirts for a complete, handsome look. zip fly with button closure 2 front and 2 back pockets flat front relaxed fit cotton/polyester washable imported
Let her walk run and jump in this adorable Frozen shirt and skirt set featuring a cotton top with an Anna and Elsa graphic print and a matching skirt with floral print.  set includes top and skirt with attached shorts flutter sleeves smocking details top and shorts: 100% cotton skirt: polyester washable imported
true Skip the dry cleaners with this powerful electric dryer. The effective Steam Dry cycle helps eliminate odors and freshen clothes while removing wrinkles for a clean and smooth look. 7.5 cu. ft. capacity lets you do more laundry in each load knob control and LED display Steam Dry cycle eliminates odors and refreshes clothes, all without manually refilling a water reservoir 11 drying cycles with Sensor Dry that adjusts drying time to save energy 4 temperature settings child lock feature prevent unintended use Smart Care lets you troubleshoot appliance problems from your smartphone
Add simple, elegant style to your window with this solid-colored sheer imperial valance. gently filters light clear bead trim coordinates with corresponding Lisette treatments (sold separately) Measures 50x33L. Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Create a standout look with even the simplest outfit with this black faceted stone bib frontal necklace. Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Black stonesClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 17 long chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
true This 28 cu. ft. refrigerator gives you enough space to stock up and the flexibility to keep food at its freshest. Its ultra large capacity can accommodate up to 28 bags of groceries while the FlexZone™ drawer boasts four temperature control settings from chill to soft freeze. ENERGY STAR® qualified tall, in-door filtered water and ice dispenser accommodates larger glasses and pitchers for added convenience the space saving Ice Master ice system produces up to 10 pounds of ice daily while conserving shelf space in the refrigerator external ice blue digital display allows you to control settings at the touch of a button Twin Cooling Plus™ system keeps humidity at optimum levels in the refrigerator for fresher fruits and vegetables and dry freezer conditions for less freezer burn and better tasting frozen foods spill-proof tempered glass shelves slide and flip-up to accommodate larger and taller items EZ-Open™ freezer handle lifts up and glides out for effortless opening and closing the counter-height FlexZone™ drawer features four temperature control settings from chill to soft freeze and an adjustable divider for versatile food storage 28.15 cu. ft. total capacity high efficiency LED lighting illuminates every corner of the interior space while saving energy alarm alerts you when door is left open 4-door French door refrigerator has two fresh food doors, one bottom freezer drawer and one counter-height FlexZone™ drawer
Dress yourself in comfortable, classic style with this short-sleeve polo shirt in all-cotton construction and rich, strong colors. 2-button placket 100% cotton washable imported
Delightful bow detail adds a dose of cuteness to this French Toast blouse.   short sleeves button front ribbon bow detail on sleeves polyester/cotton washable imported
Stone-ground black epoxy and a genuine diamond chip accent this brass tie bar in 22K gold electroplate.    clip closure 2¼ x ¼ brass made in America
Our bold, colorblock woven shirt pairs great with pants or shorts for a versatile, casual look.  point collar chambrary colorblock button front left chest pocket short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Combining classic plaid with the rugged, inviting look of blended wool, this Haggar tie offers a casual take on your dressed-up look.   2¾ wide; 58 long polyester/wool dry clean only imported
A unique blend of gel infused into memory foam gently conforms to your head and neck for a new level of support.   thermal properties of the gel react to channel away heat ideal for all sleeping positions measures 15x5x20 Foam/polyester. Spot clean foam; cover is washable, line dry. Made in America.
Enjoy rugged durability in a stylish, skinny fit with these twill flex pants from Dickies.   resists wrinkles flex fabric stain release sits just below the waist multi-use cell phone pocket straight leg cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our absolutely charming fit-and-flare dress sings with bright stripes and a few contrast ones thrown in to add a lovely mystique.   squareneck sleeveless exposed back zipper belt included approx. 35 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Get in on the boho trend with our crochet lace belted dress. scoopneck 34½ length from shoulder polyester lined hand wash, line dry imported
A bold fusion of chevron and tropical prints, our scuba knit keyhole top is a modern must-have. back keyhole polyester/spandex washable imported
Add charm to your everyday style with this inspirational pendant necklace featuring a cross adorned with a heart. Includes a notecard with the endearing sentiment I hold you in my heart.Metal: Silver- and gold-tone metalStones: Cubic zirconia and glass stonesClosure: Lobster claspLength: 18 long ball link chain with 3 extenderJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
This fun and functional sheet set is the perfect thing for any Despicable Me fan in your family. flat sheet has a print of minions on blue background fitted sheet features a classic minion danger design reversible panel printed pillowcase fitted sheet fits beds up to 12 deep 3-piece Twin set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase 4-piece Full set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 30x20 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20
Dress them up or down—these oval hoop earrings offer a classic silhouette that goes with everything. ‪More durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking, they're crafted from 14K yellow gold that's gone through a patented hardening process. They'll also maintain their consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Hypoallergenic and nickel free.‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬   Metal: 14K yellow goldBack: HingedDimensions: 15x22mm; 2mm thick Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Give your everyday looks the perfect accent with this beveled-edge belt from Claiborne. slightly burnished beveled edge ornamental logo detail on strap 1¼ wide polyurethane/bonded leather/leather spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Whether you are fishing for bass, walleye or perch, this is the perfect net to make sure your catch of the day doesn’t get away. sturdy plastic and aluminum pole 20 mesh nylon net Plastic/aluminum/nylon. Measures 21x11¼x¾H. Imported.
Celebrate some sparkle with this watch. The perfect finishing touch, it secures comfortably to your wrist with a bold leather strap.   Brand: Peugeot Dial Color: Champagne and mother-of pearl Accents: Crystals on bezel Strap: Red leather Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 18mm wide Model No.: 3044GRD   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring a round tray equipped with four circular notches scored directly into the wood, this personalized beer flight set is a classy way to enjoy a sampler of your favorite brews.   clear glass construction MDF/wood tray with a polished finish tray can be engraved with a single block initial inside a circle 5-piece set includes: tray four 4¾-ounce mini pilsner glasses Glass/MDF/wood. Glasses are dishwasher safe; wipe tray clean. Imported.
  Extend the life of your favorite shower curtain by protecting it with this microfiber shower curtain liner that’s a must-have addition to your bathroom décor.   measures 70x71” polyester washable imported
Designed with just the right amount of down, this comforter combines a fluffy, inviting appearance with the comfort of light warmth.   baffle-box construction hypoallergenic down fill 300 thread-count cotton cover Comfort Lock® 3-sided border keeps down from shifting Cotton with down fill. Dry clean. Made in America of imported materials. Twin comforter: 64x86; 17-ounce fill weight Full/Queen comforter: 88x90; 24-ounce fill weight King comforter: 104x90; 42-ounce fill weight
Featuring a built-in bra and a delicate crochet trim, our sleeveless lace skater dress complements your style to a tee. scoopneck back zip 40 length from shoulder lined nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
What it is:A nail strengthening nail polish with a neutral hue. What it does:Neutral Gel Coat Color is formulated to create a thick protein-rich coating that instantly strengthens, seals, and protects nails so they can grow strong and healthyno base coat or top coat necessary. It's ideal for all nail types, and it strengthens brittle nails, weak nails, splitting and peeling nails, and even nails damaged by salon acrylic or gel. Enriched with keratin, the main protein of the nail, this nail polish is an all-in-one base coat, nail color, top coat, and strengthener. What else you need to know:Perfect Formula Neutral Gel Coat Color removes easily with nail polish remover.Precautions:-Keep away from heat and flame. -Keep out of the reach of children.Size:0.60 ozIngredients:​ Ethyl Acetate, Butyl Acetate, Phthalic Anhydride/Trimellitic Anhydride/Glycols Copolymer, Nitrocellulose, Isopropyl Alcohol, Acetyl Tributyl Citrate, Tosylamide/Formaldehyde Resin, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Camphor, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Etocrylene, Disodium Distyrylbiphenyl Disulfonate, Hydrolyzed Keratin, Calcium Pantothenate, May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), D&C Red No. 6 (CI 15850), D&C Red No. 34 (CI 15880), D&C Yellow No. 5 (CI 19140), Ferric Ferrocyanide (CI 77510), Iron Oxides (CI 77491), Bismuth Oxychloride (CI 77163), Mica (CI 77019).
true Behind the stylish, stainless steel exterior of this microwave oven lies a high-performance cooking machine. LG’s powerful vented airflow system makes microwave cooking more pleasant by reducing food odors. 1.6 cu. ft. capacity is perfect for a wide variety of dishes 1000 watts of power ensures effective cooking across a variety of dishes 10 power levels for powerful cooking flexibility carbon-coated charcoal filtration venting system IntuiTouch™ LED keypad control 12.5 turntable auto defrost and auto reheat settings make it simple to thaw foods from your fridge or freezer Add Time controls let you easily add 30 sec. or 1 min. to the cook time melt-and-soften feature uses a low-wattage setting to melt or soften butter, cream cheese or chocolate without boiling or scorching child lock setting enables you to deactivate the keypad, preventing the oven from being accidentally started incandescent cooktop light gives great convenience 21x9x14
Our dress shirt from Van Heusen has a flexible collar and comfortable fit so you can look sharp and feel fantastic. FLEX collar expands ½ wrinkle-free fabric spread collar with permanent stays long sleeves button-front adjustable 2-button cuffs v-shaped bottom pocket shirt tail cotton/polyester washable imported
A convenient sleeping solution for guests staying overnight, this handsomely upholstered sleeper sofa perfectly exhibits long-lasting comfort with its gel memory foam-infused seat cushions, high number of pocketed coils and weltless design. durable computer-cut hardwood and plywood frame glued-and-stapled joinery 8-gauge, no-sag sinuous spring system seat cushions filled with high-density upholstery foam and a gel memory foam pad insert; back cushions filled with blown Dacron® fiber back cushions are attached to sofa; seat cushions are removable 5 queen innerspring mattress includes 2 accent pillows Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 88Wx40Dx38H with a 21 seat height, 21 seat depth and 17 seat back height. Made in America.
This zip-front hoodie features soft, fleece construction and split kangaroo pockets to keep him cozy while looking his best. zip front long sleeves split kangaroo pocket contrast felt appliqué cotton/polyester washable imported  
Our relaxed-fit pants from Stafford are comfortable enough for travel and sharp enough for business. stretch fabric hook-and-bar closure hemmed leg wool/polyester polyester lining dry clean only imported
Entertain with easy-care placements that look stylish whether you dine inside or out. indoor/outdoor easy care set of 6 PVC/polyester each placemat measures 13x19 wipe clean with damp cloth imported
true With LG’s incredible TurboWash® technology washer saving up to 30 minutes per load, the big question is this: What will you do with all the extra free time? You could spend a few carefree moments admiring the streamlined styling….or marveling at the outstanding results of LG’s energy-saving ColdWash™ and 6Motion™ technology. But something tells us you’ll have no trouble filling up those extra minutes. Or filling up this great LG washer with the next big load. ENERGY STAR® qualified 4.5 cu. ft. capacity durable NeveRust™ stainless steel drum stands up to years of heavy use LG’s TurboWash® Technology saves up to 20 minutes per load without sacrificing cleaning performance Dial-A-Cycle™ controls simplify customized cycles and settings 12 wash programs including Cotton/Normal, Bulky/Large, Perm. Press, Delicates, Hand Wash/Wool, Speed Wash, Tub Clean, Heavy Duty, Bright Whites™, Towels, Drain+Spin and Small Load along with 10 options including Prewash, Rinse+Spin, Delay Wash, Water Plus, Extra Rinse, Child Lock, Signal On/Off, Tub Clean, Stain Care and Custom Program cover every laundry need from fabric care to safety water level automatically adjusts to the size of the load 5 spin speeds including Extra High (1,300 max.), High, Medium, Low and No Spin optional pedestal available for height and added storage TrueBalance™ anti-vibration system and LoDecibel™ quiet operation reduces washer noise and vibration while NFC Tag On Technology allows you to customize cycles through your smart phone requires high-efficiency detergent 27 x 38 11/16 x 29 3/4”
Wing-embellished back flap pockets add eye-catching style to our denim bermuda shorts. sits lower on waist button-and-zip closure 11 inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
This one-piece comes to life with the gorgeous embroidered detailing—making this swim tank flirty, fun and all-day comfortable. adjustable straps removable soft cups fully lined self: nylon;spandex lining: polyester washable imported
Feel better about her time in the sun with this long-sleeve rashguard set. UPF +50 sun protection mock neck ruffle details polyester lining nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported
Featuring a printed rash guard and coordinating swim trunks, this set is sure to make a splash and add coverage to protect his delicate skin from the sun. includes rash guard and trunks UPF 50+ top: screen print graphic; polyester/spandex bottoms: built-in mesh briefs, side pocket; polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Show the love you have for a special trio with this birthstone ring composed of a metal framework of Xs and simulated gemstones as the Os. Ideal gift for a mother or grandmother. Made in America.   Metal: Sterling silver, 10K white or yellow gold or 14K white or yellow gold Stoned: Round simulated gemstones Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 2.5mmPersonalize: 2 to 5 birthstones   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.   Choose up to five birthstones. Use the letter key below to represent the months: A=January B=February C=March D=April E=May F=June G=July H=August I=September J=October K=November L=December  
Our bodycon dress features an off-the-shoulder style and a flattering fit that's sure to turn heads. off the shoulder short sleeves 31¼-37¾ length cotton/spandex washable imported
Kick back and relax in classic fashion with our super-soft pocket T-shirt and its flattering rounded voop-neck. chest pocket (solid colors only) approx. 28½ - 30½ front length rayon/polyester washable imported
Show off your effortless style in these sterling silver cushion-cut genuine green peridot drop earrings accented with 14K gold.   Metal: Sterling Silver with 14K gold accents Stone: 8mm genuine cushion green peridot Setting: Prong Back: Leverback Dimensions: 7x24mm long Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
He'll be dreaming of his favorite Sky Pirate with our fun LEGO Ninjago alarm clock. movable wrist, legs, arms and head digital 12-hour format alarm/snooze function yellow backlight battery operated, batteries included plastic 9½H wipe clean imported
What it is:A 12-hour wear, universal eye primer infused with lid-nourishing and color-correcting colored clay.What it does:Tarte’s innovative, waterproof CC eye primer stick works on all skin types to color-correct the skin around eyes. Infused with color-correcting and skin-nourishing colored clay, this smoothing eye primer absorbs excess oil on the lids, offering a neutral base for the perfect eye shadow application. The lightweight formula addresses appearance of redness and discoloration, balancing the skin and instantly brightening the delicate eyelid area. This easy-glide, neutral pencil tip preps lids prior to makeup application for better wear and truer shadow payoff that can last for up to 12 hours.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is vegan-friendly and dermatologist-tested.Research results:Based on a consumer panel study of 35 women immediately after application:- 97% of women said this product created the perfect neutral base for makeup application- 97% of women said the skin on their eyelid appeared smoother and softer- 89% of women saw a noticeable improvement in skin texture on their eyelidSuggested Usage:-Using the easy stick applicator, gently blend eye primer across the upper eyelid from the lash line to the brow bone. -Apply on the undereye area to neutralize the look of dark circles and prime for concealer application.Size:0.13 ozIngredients​-Colored Clay: Color-corrects as it specifically addresses individual skin and complexion concerns.-Rose Clay: Provides gentle skin balance while soothing skin around the eye area.-Vanilla Clay: Helps reduce oil to keep pigment in place all day.-Yellow Clay: Diffuses the look of dark circles and uneven skin tone.-Purple Clay: Reflects light to instantly brighten skin.-Green Clay: Neutralizes skin redness, reduces excess oil, and soothes skin.Isohexadecane, Polyethylene, Isononyl Isononanoate, Isododecane, Polyglyceryl-2 Diisostearate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, VP/Eicosene Copolymer, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Mica, Synthetic Wax, Tocopherol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Ascorbyl Palmitate, Kaolin, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Propylene Carbonate, Squalane, Montmorillonite, Lauryl PCA, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-di-t-butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Caprylyl Glycol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499).
Get interference-free reliability in a great value! The Sure Glow audio monitor not only has a 600 foot range to listen for baby, but it also  allows you to peek in on your sleeping baby by simply tapping a nightlight on the monitor, thus avoiding having to turn on any harsh lights.   4 channels to minimize interference 49MHz (analog) portable parent unit includes: volume-sensitive sound lights power and low battery indicators audio jack for listening with earphones convertible belt clip/carry loop volume control nursery-friendly baby unit includes: soft-glow tap-on/off light pager 2.25x3x6.75H meets CPSIA/CPSC requirements fully assembled plastic/metal spot clean imported
Your denim look will soar in our bootcut jeans with a winged cross-like pocket design. 5-pocket styling 33 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
This luxe kit includes all of Commodity's ten premium eau de parfum unisex fragrances and makes the perfect gift or travel package. The five black collection fragrances are complex, moody and intense. The five white collection fragrances are bright, airy and easy. Each fragrance is designed to be layered together with any other to create bespoke scents tailored to each individual taste. Gold is a warm and gourmand scent. This rich concoction of molten amber and Nubian musk is indulgent enough to bathe in. Rain is a fresh and aquatic scent. This pleasant surprise for spring combines soothing notes of lotus, verbena, dew, and jasmine to create a delicate floral symphony. Mimosa is a fresh and citrusy scent. vibrant marriage of bubbly champagne and sweet mandarin, the scent evokes the best part of a luxurious Sunday brunch. Tea is a citrusy and bright scent. This soft brew of citrus and aquatic notes is infused with cooling watermint leaf that gives it an exotic undertone. Magnolia is an alluring duet of soft florals and dewy greens. This carefree, innocent blend of crisp green notes with a heart of rich, floral magnolia and gourmand hints rests on a warm base of caramel and musk. Whiskey is a warm and spicy scent inspired by American bourbon casks and rare Irish whiskies. Layers of mahogany, oak, sage, and cinnamon create this profound blend. Book is a fresh and woodsy scent, an exciting mixture of spicy cucumber and torchwood with many unexpected twists and pleasantries. Moss is a crisp and earthy scent that captures the balance between fresh, cool greens and musky earth undertones. Wool is a warm and spicy scent that features touches of Bourbon vanilla and Haitian vetiver. Gin is a fresh and woodsy scent consisting of a rare blend of leatherwood, eucalyptus, and sandalwood distilled with utter finesse. This set contains: - 5 x 2 oz Black collection fragrances in Gold, Rain, Mimosa, Tea, Magnolia - 5 x 2 oz White collection fragrances in Whiskey, Book, Moss, Wool, Gin
Our skater skort gives her a great edgy look while also providing full coverage. relaxed fit elastic waist body: cotton/spandex shorts: cotton washable imported
Add the shining finishing touch to your look with our flat sandals, featuring metallic accents in the braided bands.   synthetic upper rubber sole
Add a little movement to your look with our shirt-tail top that brings extra texture to your casual look. long sleeves crewneck 28 front length polyester/spandex rayon/spandex binding machine wash, line dry imported
What it is: A facial treatment to address uneven skintone and dark spots while improving skin quality for a brighter, more luminous complexion. What it is formulated to do:This overnight facial-in-a-jar is a breakthrough in beauty sleep. More than a mask, more than a night cream, it contains the Korres Phos Compound, a proprietary blend including a brightening agent and stabilized vitamin C. Day after day, week after week, uneven tone and dark spots will continuously improve. After only 14 days you'll see skin that's brighter, more even-toned, and exceptionally radiant. What else you need to know: This product's weightless soufflé texture melts instantly into skin. It works while you sleep to retexturize, giving you petal-soft skin by morning. It also addresses visible signs of premature aging caused by sun and environmental exposure while providing antioxidant benefits. It contains 95 percent natural content and is suitable for all skin types.Suggested Usage:-After nighttime cleansing ritual, apply to the face and neck. -Do not rinse. -If using with other products, apply after your treatment/serum and prior to your night cream.Precautions:-Avoid direct contact with eyes.Size:0.51 ozIngredients: -Wild Rose Oil: Evens skintone and repairs fine lines; moisturizes, heals, and softens skin while forming a protective layer to improve its texture. -Stabilized Vitamin C: Helps to minimize the appearance of skin discolorations. -Imperata Cylindrica Root Extract: Provides continuous moisturization by regulating the moisture equilibrium of the skin. -Rose Water 15%: Provides weightless hydration. Water, Glycerin, Glyceryl Stearate Citrate, Dicaprylyl Carbonate, Alcohol Denat., Triheptanoin, Behenyl Alcohol, Glyceryl Stearate, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Isodecyl Neopentanoate, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Cera Alba/Beeswax/Cire D'abeille, Lecithin, Imperata Cylindrica Root Extract, Acacia Decurrens/Jojoba/Sunflower Seed Wax/Polyglyceryl-3 Esters, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Ascorbyl Tetraisopalmitate, Benzyl Alcohol, Benzyl Benzoate, Benzyl Salicylate, Butylphenyl Methylpropional, Caprylyl Glycol, Carbomer, Cetearyl Alcohol, Citronellol, Distarch Phosphate, Eugenol, Fragrance, Galactoarabinan, Geraniol, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Sterols, Hexyl Cinnamal, Hydrolyzed Sodium Hyaluronate, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Hydroxyisohexyl 3-Cyclohexene Carboxaldehyde, Phenoxyethanol, Rosa Canina Fruit Extract, Rosa Canina Fruit Oil, Rosa Rubiginosa Seed Oil, Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract, Sodium Gluceptate, Sodium Hydroxide, Tetrahydrodiferuloylmethane, Tocopheryl Acetate, Xanthan Gum.
Make fun and fashionable accessories using brightly colored duct tape. Simply wrap the bangle bracelet with the tape for funky designs that are uniquely you, and wear. Kit includes: 5 rolls of duct tape (3 yards each) 6 plastic bangles easy instructions recommended for ages 7 and up meets ASTM F963 and D4236 imported
Shake things up with our fun sequin-embellished shaker sweater, finished with ribbed trim. acrylic washable imported  
Sign off on your look with this sweet XO genuine peridot and diamond-accent bracelet.   Metal: Sterling silver Stone: 6x4mm genuine oval peridot Other Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 7¼ or 8 Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This reversible belt with feather-edge construction lends versatility to your work-to-weekend wardrobe. feather edge construction reverses from tan to black 1¼ wide polyurethane/polyester/bonded leather spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Always arrive comfortably at your destination in these performance chinos from Lee, featuring a moisture-wicking, 4-way stretch fabric that moves every way you do. no iron moisture-wicking fabric with soil release 4-way stretch relaxed fit sits at the waist zip fly with button closure 2 slant front pockets, plus zip security pocket 2 back welt pockets flat front straight leg polyester/cotton washable imported
Mix fashion and functionality in our updated, stretch poplin cargo shorts—cleanly finished with a twill tape drawstring waist and hem. 2 front slant, 2 front cargo and 2 back pockets 17 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
You'll be ready to head west in our comfortable tee.  slim fit crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Good style is all about building on the essentials—like our classic ribbed turtleneck with metallic threading. approx. 26 - 28 length silver metallic, gold metallic: cotton/nylon/polyester/metallic other colors: cotton/nylon machine wash, dry flat imported
With a classic high-top design that goes great with any outfit, our comfortable sneakers perfect your little guy’s casual look. synthetic upper lace up closed toe rubber sole
These sweet curtain panels are sure to invite peaceful sunshine into your room with their simply elegant embroidered design. ivory with embroidery in burgundy and sage burgundy tiebacks included lined for an enhanced weight and feel 3 rod pocket Measures 84x84L. Panels are sold as a 2-pack; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Valance sold separately. Cotton with polyester/cotton lining. Washable. Imported.
Add versatility and style to your wardrobe by incorporating these cargo hiking shorts by St. John's Bay. mid-rise regular fit zip fly with button closure 6-pocket styling 9 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
An artfully draped neckline instantly elevates the understated silhouette of our chic blouse taking it from essential to standout. short sleeves cowlneck approx. 23 - 25 front length polyester/spandex washable imported
The slim fit and ripped design make these fashionable, but the comfort of 100% cotton is what will make them your new favorite pair of jeans. zipper fly straight slim fit 100% cotton washable imported
A marquise-cut citrine is the focus on this cutout ring.Metal: Yellow gold over silverStones: 5x2.5mm marquise-cut genuine citrineOther Stones: Genuine white topazSetting: ProngDimensions: 14.3x9.5mmGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Tag-free construction and a soft waistband make these Hanes boxer briefs an easy choice for all-day comfort. package of 4 boxer briefs TAGLESS® comfort waist no ride up leg bands solid/prints: 100% cotton heather/prints: cotton/polyester washable imported  
These pleated Stafford pants go the distance with a no-iron finish that lasts and lasts.   endurance no-iron finish superior wrinkle recovery permanent crease classic fit sits at waist expandable waist zip fly with button and hook-and-eye closure double pleats straight leg hemmed polyester washable imported  
You'll love the drapey, flowy feel of our comfortable screen tank top from Decree—a perfect addition for a casual, warm day. roundneck racerback side slits high-low hem approx. 26¾ length polyester/rayon/elastane washable imported
With a hint of vintage styling, these gemstone and diamond earrings with ornate halo is sure to please.Metal: 10K white goldStones: 9x7mm oval genuine sapphireOther Stones: 1/6 ct. t.w. diamondsClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 17 long rope chainPendant Size: 17.7mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This stylish Timex® women's watch pairs a retro look with modern embellishments. The watch features a versatile two-tone finish, comfortable expansion band and easy-to-read Arabic numbers for everyday ease and style.   Brand: Timex® Dial Color: White Bracelet: Two-tone stainless steel expansion band Movement: Quartz Case Width: 25mm Case Thickness: 6mm Bracelet Dimensions: 135-190mm long, 9-11mm wide Model No.: 218543D Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bringing a little design and color to your everyday casual look, you'll love this striped tee from The Foundry Supply Co. crewneck polyester/cotton washable imported
Brand: Simplify Dial Color: Black Strap: Khaki/tan leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 38mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8.25 long; 14mm wide Model No.: SIM2607   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Whether worn alone or as a layered ensemble, our No Retreat Henley gives you a fantastic fit and modern look. crewneck 3 button blacket single chest pocket long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring a well-cushioned Euro pillow top, this firm mattress set’s thick memory foam and encased coils give you added comfort and all-over support throughout the night. 825 Sealy Embrace™ innerspring system plus encased coil cover is polyester/polypropylene quilt: FlameGuard™ fiber; 2 x ½ Hypersoft™ foam comfort layers: 1½ SealyFoam™; versare inner panel; 2 SealyFoam™; ½ SealyCool™ gel memory foam center SolidEdge™ HD system Stable Support™ foundation twin: 38x74½x14H; 496 coil count  twin XL: 38x79½x14H; 528 coil count  full: 53x74½x14H; 682 coil count  queen/split queen: 60x79½x14H; 825 coil count  king: 76x79½x14H; 1056 coil count  cal. king: 72x83½x14H; 990 coil count  made in America Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring. Box spring measures 9H; mattress set measures 23H when stacked. Split queen mattress set features a 2-piece side-by-side foundation for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer.
Face inclement weather with unstoppable style in our Henry Ferrera rain boots featuring a decorative buckle. rubber upper buckle accent. 1 heel 15 shaft height 14½ shaft circumference slip resistant rubber outer sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.     
Izzo Golf's innovative side winder strap features an ergonomic, pre-molded shape to automatically swing and balance your golf bag behind you without the need to have to reach back and secure a second strap. single strap that works like a dual strap unique ergonomically pre-molded shape helps balance of golf bag behind the golfer dual density padded interior fully adjustable 2 point connections fits all stand or cart bags polyester 22x11.5x3.5H wipe clean imported
Buckner training shorts from Xersion keep you in the zone with a great combination of length, softness and piped style. sits at waist elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets 11 inseam polyester washable imported
She'll have nothing to stress about in these style-savvy skinny jeans with a worn-in look. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported
Add a splash of color and comfort to your home with these utility rugs featuring fun printed themes.   sculptured pile for a comfy underfoot feeling heat-set construction for long-lasting color slip-resistant embossed latex back printed construction highly durable nylon crafted in America ¼ pile height; ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes  Slip Resistant: Yes  Rug Backing: Latex  Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: No Use: Indoor  Care Instructions: Washable  Origin: Made in America  
With a double-decker wide waistband and neat pintucks, our modern-fit straight-leg pants sit at your waist, with a relaxed fit through the hip and thigh, and angled front pockets for a lean and slimming effect. flat front zip fly with hook, bar and inside button closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back faux welt pockets nat/burg windowpane and navy dot: polyester/rayon all other colors: polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 33 inseam misses short: 31 inseam misses long: 35 inseam
Let color radiate throughout your day with help from these rainbow bead cluster earrings.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Rainbow beads Back: Wire Dimensions: ¾x2 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Run, train or take it easy in our stylish tech fleece hoodie from Xersion, featuring wicking technology to help keep you dry and comfortable. moisture-wicking fabric regular fit drawstring hood with contrast-colored lining full zip long sleeves split kangaroo pockets polyester washable imported
Create an elegant sanctuary in any room with this beautifully designed sheer window valance. gently filters light intricate floral damask pattern beaded trim 3 rod pocket Measures 32x20L. Sold individually; two shown. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
Ultimate comfort and support combine in the modern design of this lovely full-coverage bra.      adjustable straps padded foam sling for enhanced level of side support and underwire comfort silky fabric inside of cups provides ultimate comfort with a higher degree of support Comfort Back® helps to prevent straps from slipping lined tagless nylon/spandex washable imported manufacturer's style #35002
Reinforced, loose-fit carpenters make getting the job done look a lot more stylish.   loose fit 14.5-oz. cotton durashield™ denim 10-oz. cotton ripstop fabric 1000 denier Cordura® lined back pockets leather patch on front right pocket logo patch on back left pocket tool pocket detail  right side hammer loop straight leg cotton washable imported
Add a little vitality to your business look with this midland dot tie in 100% silk. extra long 3¼ wide, 62 long silk/viscose dry clean imported
Featuring a seamless design and gentle support, our Ambrielle surplice bralette offers a comfortable smoothing solution you’ll reach for day after day. nylon/spandex washable imported
For easygoing style and comfort, our short-sleeve graphic tee is the perfect pick. v-neck short sleeves approx. 27⅝-29 9/16 length grey color with flag: cotton/polyester all other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
A winner in both style and comfort, the Keds Champion leather oxford is a timeless classic.   leather upper fabric lining arch support cushioned insoles flexible rubber sole N(AA-narrow) M(B-medium) W(D-wide)
Pledge your allegiance to the style of the West Coast of California in this soft graphic tee from Vans. crewneck short sleeves cotton washable imported  
With 1 ct. t.w. of exquisite shine, this is a bridal set you could live with for an eternity. The dazzling engagement ring flaunts a diamond-encrusted split shank that leads to a double-framed, ¼ ct. round center diamond; a wedding band with sparklers on top completes this captivating set.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round diamonds, including ¼ ct. center stone Color: I Clarity: SI2-I1 Setting: Prong Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Sheer Caress' 3-pack of pantyhose with powernet control-top offers a sleek and supportive look.       package of 3 shadow toe powernet control top for all-day support and shape contour panty sewn-in panty: nylon/LYCRA® legs: nylon machine wash in mesh bag, line dry
These trend-right storage baskets are functional and stylish with multiple organizational options. durable, hand-knotted cotton rope soft fabric lining adds protection metal wire provides structure set of 3 wipe clean with dry cloth imported set includes: small basket medium basket large basket
Designed for every day wear, you'll find that you love the fit of our Made for Life Bermuda shorts to much you'll actually want to wear them every day. mid rise elastic waistband with drawstring curve hem at side seam slash pockets relaxed fit 9 inseam polyester washable imported
With a dazzling heart and strawberry print, our summer love shorts are perfect for her sunny day outfits. interior adjustable waistband zip fly and button closure 5-pocket styling flat front 2 inseam rolled hem ramie/cotton/elastane washable imported
Whether you're feeling like a workout warrior or a couch potato, our comfy jersey knit yoga pants are the perfect choice. 22 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
This preppy scooter is a super-cute look for your little schoolgirl.   double tabs polyester twill machine wash imported
Perfect for the office or a night out, our sleeveless belted sheath dress is both stylish and slimming. roundneck invisible back zip 38 length from shoulder bodice and lining: polyester skirt: cotton/polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Decorative stitching and a high waist will have you calling all the shots in our cool but classic skinny jeans. 5-pocket styling 29 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
With an array of different patterns, this quilted bedspread is sure to add a charming look to your home. bedspread has vermicelli quilting shams have a knife-edge finish reversible shams tote has generous handles for easy transport 2-piece Twin set includes: bedspread sham BONUS tote bag 3-piece Full, Queen or King set includes: bedspread 2 shams BONUS tote bag Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin, Full and Queen sets include standard shams. King set includes king shams. Cotton/polyester bedspread and tote bag with polyester back and polyester fill; cotton/polyester shams with polyester backs. Washable. Imported. Twin: bedspread is 80x110; sham is 26x20; tote bag is 15x6x18H Full: bedspread is 96x110; shams are 26x20; tote bag is 15x6x18H Queen: bedspread is 102x118; shams are 26x20; tote bag is 15x6x18H King: bedspread is 120x118; shams are 36x20; tote bag is 15x6x18H
Playful polka dots, a comfy rib-knit waist and stretchy fit of these Arizona jeggings add a touch of comfort and style to any casual look. rib-knit waist with faux drawstring coin pocket 2 back pockets cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our simple sandal gets an upgrade with a wonderfully exciting cutout upper, making it ideal for your favorite warm weather outfits.   polyurethane upper decorative cutout pattern less than 1 heel imported
Your casual look will be light years ahead in the cool look of our jersey knit Star Wars T-shirt. cotton/polyester washable imported
Pull fun and function together and splash in the rain in our delightful Henry Ferrera Tall Boots. nylon upper FUR lining 1 heel 13 shaft height 14 shaft circumference lug PVC outer sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.     
The removable stoneware pot inside this mini dipper slow cooker makes it easy to serve delicious dip straight from the kitchen to the table.   off, low, high and warm settings slow cook meals at the ideal temperature indicator light cool touch handles tempered glass lid lets you check on food while it's cooking 1½-quart capacity AC current; 120 watts. Metal/stoneware/glass. Measures 7.09x8.78x8.86H. Pot is dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Our long-sleeve shirt from Dockers is perfect for your relaxed look. button-down collar long sleeves chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
A bra like no other—Warner’s This is Not a Bra features a gentle underwire, padded and then encased in silky satin so you get the support you want without the discomfort.    Satin Comfort Wire System for all-day comfort prevents uncomfortable dig-in center gore detail       underwire contour nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported  manufacturer’s style #1593
Enjoy the comfort of a soft, cushioned footbed and the unique criss cross straps of these flip flops by Dockers. soft EVA footbed polyurethane/EVA imported
Fun graphics and a flowy style make this sleeveless tee the perfect addition to your warm-weather wardrobe. roundneck approx. 27 5/8-30½ length polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Cruise down the streets or down the beach with our comfy all-cotton cruiser shorts. elastic waist with drawstring relaxed fit flat front 20 outseam 100% cotton washable imported
Head out for a bike ride in our shorts, featuring a slim fit, reflective logo and a moisture-wicking gusset to keep you cool and dry while you sweat. moisture-wicking gusset reflective logo mid rise slim fit 5 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
The raised, ribbed surface of this nonstick grill pan is ideal for searing steaks and chicken to perfection.   weighs less than traditional cast iron while offering the same great performance cast iron core provides even distribution of heat without hot spots and excellent heat retention porcelain enamel exterior is easy to clean durable nonstick interior provides excellent food release and easy cleanup cool grip stainless steel handles are double riveted for durability for use on all cooking services oven safe to 500ºF Cast iron with porcelain enamel exterior. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Ideal for work or weekends, our long knit skirt in a colorful paisley print will make getting dressed in the morning a breeze. elastic waist 33 front length; 34 back length rayon/spandex washable imported
Fit, feel and performance are what make our adidas techfit tights an easy choice for your workouts. elastic waistband flat front slim/fitted straight leg polyester washable imported  
Worn on the shoulder or as a crossbody, our versatile hobo bag features plenty of zipper pockets to keep your valuables safe and easily accessible. Made of washed vinyl, this bag looks and feels like real leather. adjustable crossbody strap, 17-28 drop top zip closure pearlized washed vinyl 2 large exterior zip pockets on the front and 1 large zip pocket on the back 1 large interior zip pocket and 2 PDA pockets 11(H) x 14(W) x 5.4(D) imported
This product will be available for all clients online on February 29 and in stores on March 14. What it is: A full-coverage matte lipstick with lip nourishing antioxidants. What it does: Saturate lips with creamy, full-coverage color and hydration with this long-wearing satin-matte lipstick. Featuring an array of bold and everyday shades, it's powered by tarte’s Rainforest of the Sea™ antioxidant complex and natural, lip-loving oils and butters. This vibrant lip formula helps firm, treat, and protect your lips while providing intense hydration and hiding the appearance of fine lines. Just use the crisp, precise tip to seamlessly define and contour lips, delivering a rich, long-lasting color. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Phthalates What else you need to know: This product is vegan and dermatologist tested.Suggested Usage: -Use the precision, tapered tip to define and contour lips. -For the perfect shape, start in the middle of lips and smooth out towards the corners.Size:0.085 ozIngredients: -Rainforest of the Sea™ Complex: A proprietary blend of algae and marine flower extracts that helps reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while smoothing and softening skin. -Sodium Hyaluronate Filling Spheres: Deliver and retain moisture for optimal hydration and smoother-looking lips. -Jojoba Seed Oil: Natural soothing extract that leaves lips soft, supple, and smooth. -Pomegranate Oil: Helps brighten lackluster skin and fight free radical damage. -Cupuacu Butter: Rich in essential fatty acids and sterols that help firm while drenching lips in moisture. -Murumuru Butter: Rich in essential fatty acids and ProVitamin A to help restore elasticity and soothe lips. Isopropyl Palmitate, Polyethylene, Dimethicone, Isononyl Isononanoate, Talc, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Trimethylsiloxyphenyl Dimethicone, C20-40 Alcohols, Glyceryl Tribehenate/Isostearate/Eicosandioate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Cera Microcristallina/Microcrystalline Wax/Cire Microcristalline, Polypropylene, Silica, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Fragrance, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Portulaca Pilosa Extract, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Sorbitan Isostearate, Spilanthes Acmella Flower Extract, Sucrose Cocate, Algae Extract, Gardenia Tahitensis Flower Extract, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-38, Tocopherol. (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492), Red 6 (CI 15850), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090).
Go the distance in our flat knit no-show socks, featuring soft, durable construction for added comfort and Quick Dri® fabric to help wick moisture away from skin. package of 6 pairs polyester/nylon/LYCRA® spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
You'll look out of this world in our Alyx top with delicate lace and fluttery angel sleeves. •    scoopneck•    long angel sleeves•    lined•    approx. 26½ length•    polyester•    machine wash, line dry•    imported
Take your look to the next level in our tall-shaft boot with a lace-up front and faux-stacked low heel. side zipper synthetic upper 1 faux-stacked heel 12¼ shaft height 15½ shaft circumference microfiber lining rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Add a timeless, European-style vibe to your wardrobe with these leather shoes featuring contrast stitching and elastic lacing. construction leather upper synthetic sole details 1½” heel lace-up entry leather lining padded removable insole can accommodate a custom orthodic soft, breathable fabric made of shock absorbent, long lasting material contrast stitching and elastic lacing add interest
This 11 enameled cast iron grill pan will become a staple in your kitchen for frying, searing or browning.   prized by cooks for heat retention and even cooking foods will not react with the matte-black, porcelain-enamel interior coating ribbed design keeps food away from grease for healthier cooking durable, gradated-colored, porcelain-enamel exterior finish is striking and long lasting convenient helper handle and two pouring lips compatible with gas, electric, ceramic glass and induction cooktops oven-safe to 450°F (232°C)         Cast iron. Hand wash. Imported.
Comfort and business-savy style combine in our travel dress shirt from Stafford for a perfect option on your trips and workdays. point collar long sleeves button placket rounded patch pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Bring a classic look to your room with this duvet cover set featuring a checked design that never goes out of style. duvet cover has button closure zippered sham 2-piece Twin set includes: duvet cover sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: duvet cover 2 shams Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: duvet cover is 68x88; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: duvet cover is 88x88; shams are 26x20 King: duvet cover is 104x88; shams are 26x20
Our blended broadcloth easy-care slim-fit shirt and tie set takes the guesswork out of coordinating professional looks. slim fit spread collar button front long sleeves polyester dry clean imported
Screen-printed graphics and a comfortable cotton feel make this versatile jersey-knit short-sleeve tee the perfect accompaniment to all kinds of outfits. 100% cotton washable imported
Our button-front shirt features a multi-check pattern and a chest pocket for a sharp look. button front long sleeves left chest pocket regular fit cotton/polyester washable imported
An ideal look for his dress-up occasions, this shirt features a cool print pattern.   pointed collar button front long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported S=8, M=10/12, L=14/16, XL=18/20
This classic and timeless athletic shoe features clean lines and textile lining for that court-ready look. construction durable synthetic leather upper soft fabric lining rubber outsole provides traction details 3-stripe perforated adidas logo on sideswebbing detail on heels
Princess-worthy style adds instant charm to any special event with this sparkly shirred dress. sweetheart neck sleeveless rhinestone waist corkscrew skirt high-low hem polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Sport a refreshingly cool look in this graphic tee with weathered Pepsi print. big and tall fit crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Superman shield cuff links are a work of art, and a subtle and stylish way to properly honor the man of steel.   one-piece fixed backing featuring the DC Comics® logo ¾ x ½ rhodium plated metal/enamel imported
A basic belt in classic colors is a must for any wardrobe.     1” wide metal buckle polyurethane/leather imported   
Perfect for a sunny day, this sleeveless tunic is pre-washed for softness and features pompom trim detail. back snap placket 100% cotton washable imported
true Find just what you need in an instant with this side-by-side refrigerator that offers adjustable clear-look door bins, glass freezer shelves and LED lighting for a natural-looking appearance. ENERGY STAR® qualified Arctica icemaker with a special access door puts ice within reach advanced water filtration system uses a MWF replacement filter that removes trace pharmaceuticals from water and ice adjustable slide-out, spillproof glass shelves have raised edges to help contain spills door bins for large containers and frees up valuable shelf space integrated shelf support system provides strong, flexible support glass freezer shelves offer secure storage with a high-end look fresh food multi-level drawers are the ideal environment for fruits and vegetables 25.4 cu ft. total capacity gives you 15.7 cu. ft. for fresh food and 9.7 cu. ft. for freezer 69½ x 35¾ x 34¾
Adding classic style to your home, this scalloped valance is fully lined and coordinates perfectly with other window treatments from Supreme—our most versatile drapery collection.   finely slubbed, tightly woven fabric enhanced by an elegant, subtle sheen easy-to-hang rod-pocket styling lined for an enhanced weight and feel 3 header, 1 side hem, ½ bottom binding 3 rod pocket Measures 85x18L. Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Rayon/acetate with polyester lining. Dry clean. Imported.  
Both sweet and sassy, our two-piece party dress will reflect your personality in the most perfect way.   scoopneck sleeveless approx. 15 top, 19 bottom polyester lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
The Converse All Star is the shoe that revolutionized the game of basketball and later became a worldwide favorite known as the Chuck Taylor. A true American icon, the classic design hasn't changed since Chuck wore them himself.. canvas upper bears the original Chuck Taylor Patch logo rubber toe bumper and arch grommets durable rubber sole 
Stay comfortable during your most intense workouts in our moisture-wicking capri pants from Jockey. powermesh waistband reinforced moisture wicking gusset reflective logo detail 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
This comfy flannel shirt is a cool-weather essential that welcomes chilly days with bright colors and fresh style. button front long sleeves 2 chest pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Our herringbone fedora from Stetson is pure classic perfection with its grosgrain band, pinched sides and a grey logo jacquard lining.   antique silver Stetson rivet All-American by Stetson label in sweatband polyester spot clean imported
This merlot vest provides a colorful, layered look that will have you dressed to impress. regular fit 5-button front 2 exterior pockets polyester/rayon dry clean only imported
The dynamic print of our Bisou Bisou scuba skirt can only be overshadowed by how fantastically it fits you. high rise elastic waistband approx. 26½ length polyester/spandex washable imported  
Get the comfort and support you need in these stretch-easy running tights from Reebok. PlayDry technology pulls moisture from your skin, accelerates evaporation and increases ventilation fitted back knee mesh and mesh gusset for increased breathability secure stash pockets reflective details polyester/spandex washable imported
Tackle your next run or workout in comfort and style with our supportive x-back bralette. roundneck polyester/spandex polyester lining washable imported
With a classic peasant shape, our fit-and-flare dress embraces an iconic silhouette for a bold bohemian look. 34 length from shoulder knit polyester/spandex washable made in America
Soft, pull-on style stretch velour leggings will be a comfortable choice for weekends and downtime. slim fit front rise: approx. 10¼ - 12⅝ from top edge back rise: approx. 14⅛ - 16½ from top edge 32½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Instantly update the style of your space with this quilt set featuring a trendy chevron design.   blue, yellow and gray tones embroidered decorative pillows 4-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: quilt sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen set includes: quilt 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester quilt with cotton fill; polyester shams; polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: quilt is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x12 and 16x16 Full/Queen: quilt is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x12 and 16x16
Add some sparkle and show off your fresh pedicure with these shimmering ankle-strap sandals. synthetic upper 2¾ wedge heel rhinestone toe strap rubber sole
Conquer your day in comfort and style in our short-sleeve, crewneck tee by Ecko Unltd.●    crewneck●    short sleeves●    100% cotton●    washable●    imported  
Featuring tasseled lace-up detail at the chest, our Worthington tank top is stylish, comfortable and easily paired with all your favorite bottoms. v-neck approx. 26¼-28¼ length lined polyester/spandex washable imported
  This elegant T-strap sandal boasts double buckles and a stacked heel that feels like a flat thanks to our core comfort, including a memory foam footbed and diamond-patterned sole.   technology cushioned insole sueded sock shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern rubber sole twists and folds to take pressure off the foot   construction faux leather/canvas uppers rubber sole   details 2½ heel height
For holiday turkeys or gooey homemade lasagna, nothing beats this 16 stainless steel roasting pan.   18/10 stainless steel construction is durable and highly resistant to stains and corrosion cast stainless steel handles are dual riveted for strength includes basting grill oven safe to 500ºF Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe; hand washing recommended. Assembled and packaged in America of imported materials.  
Coated in diamond accents, this pendant necklace catches the light from every angle. Unique hinged setting allows the center stone to pivot within its frame, creating the effect of dancing light. The slightest movement brings these vibrant diamonds to life.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong and bezel Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long box chain Pendant Size: 8.8x20.6mm long   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Metal: 10K rose goldStones: 1/10 ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: G-HClarity: I2-I3Pearl Type: Cultured freshwater pearlsPearl Color: WhitePearl Size: 9-9.5mmBack: WireDimensions: 9.5x26mm  Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Make sure his next formal look is sharp from head to toe with our dress socks.  includes 3 pairs non-skid soles cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
This eye-catching 10K white gold ring fashioned with genuine blue and white topaz makes it easy to give your look an instant pop of posh elegance.Metal: 10K white goldStones: 9x7mm cushion-cut genuine blue and white topazSetting: ProngDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Pull your look together with our fluid, fine-gauge knit flyaway cardigan, an easy-going, lightweight layer for all your casual looks. cotton/polyester washable imported
This rod-pocket/back tab curtain panel is both beautiful and energy efficient.    helps reduce light and noise lined and interlined for added fullness and improved insulation rich look and feel of silk back tab creates a soft, pleated effect; rod pocket creates a shirred effect hangs without the use of hooks or clips weighted hems for beautiful draping  Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 1¼ in diameter. Polyester. Dry clean. Imported.      
He'll turn up the charm when he laces up in these sleek boys dress shoes from Stacy Adams.     synthetic upper lace-up rubber sole
Increase the quality of your sleep with this dual-layer mattress pad. The base layer provides support while the top layer adds cushiony comfort. 200 thread-count cotton cover hypoallergenic polyester fiber fill; 18 ounces per square yard wicks moisture away from you so you'll sleep more comfortably fits mattresses up to 18 deep 100% Cotton top with polyester back and fill. Washable. Made in America of imported fabric. For best results, launder in a large-capacity front-loading washer and dryer. If the mattress pad doesn't have free movement in the washer and dryer, a large-capacity commercial washer and dryer is recommended. Twin: 38x75 Twin XL: 38x80 Full: 53x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 76x80 Cal. King: 72x84
Keep it chic in our floral, twist-front tankini swim top that's perfect for a day at the beach or pool. underwire for support adjustable straps removable soft cups partially lined nylon/spandex; polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Long-lasting indoor or outdoor rugs are reversible for twice the wear.      flat braid construction adds textural interest stain-resistant, highly durable fibers vibrant color combinations fit in with most home decor Polypropylene. Spot clean. Rug pad recommended. Made in America.
Our striped cotton polo from U.S. Polo Assn. features the classic polo look that takes you from the office to weekend in style. spread collar short sleeves embroidered logo regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
true Sleek side-by-side refrigerator is made to handle all your food with the ease and customization you need. Free up valuable shelf space by rearranging the door bins to better accommodate larger containers. Glass shelves have raised edges to help up to 12 oz. of spilt liquid. ENERGY STAR® qualified tall ice and water dispenser to accommodate varied-sized shapes of containers factory-installed icemaker comes ready to automatically create ice advanced water filtration system uses a MWF replacement filter that removes trace pharmaceuticals from water and ice electronic controls, three electronic sensors and adjustable temperature controlled drawer adjustable slide-out, spillproof glass shelves have raised edges to help contain spills. snack drawer stores favorite foods for easy access adjustable humidity drawers helps food stay fresh longer 35¾ wide 24.7 cu ft. total capacity gives you 15.63 cu. ft. for fresh food and 9.11 cu. ft. for freezer 69¾ x 35¾ x 33 5/8
This stretch bracelet will add a colorful finishing touch to your look, featuring blue and green acrylic stones and gold-tone metal.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stone: Blue and green acrylic Dimensions: 28mmx21mm   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This proud set of 4 hurricane glasses brings a taste of the tropics to your event with incomparable style.    constructed of clear, reflective glass  maintains clarity after numerous dishwashing cycles  18-ounce capacity Lead-free glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Our performance pants feature an elastic waist and slim fit for a cool athletic look.  elastic waist mid rise slim fit 22-23 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Our modern-fit, straight-leg pants sit at your waist, with a relaxed fit through the hip and thigh, and angled front pockets for a lean and slimming effect.   zip fly with hook, bar and inside button closure extended-tab waistband for a smoother front 2 back faux welt pockets 29½ inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported 
Our comfortable polo is appropriate for business casual days at the office or weekends with jeans or shorts.  spread collar 3-button placket printed label short sleeves cotton/rayon/polyester washable imported
A sweet crochet-inspired design give these flats added texture that's chic and smart. fun graphic design textile upper rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Keep your athlete warmed up and ready to win with this zip-front fleece hoodie from Nike. hood long sleeves zip-front closure split kangaroo pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: GunmetalStrap: Gunmetal metal linkClasp: FoldoverMovement: QuartzCase Width: 46mmCase Thickness: 6mmBracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 22mm wideModel No.: 53498   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give your everyday basics a fresh perspective in our Spencer gray jeans, featuring targeted fading and a stretch-easy slim fit. sits below the waist slim fit 5-pocket styling straight leg 99% cotton/1% spandex washable imported Note: This garment has been individually dyed and washed. Any shading and color variation is a design feature, giving this garment a vintage look, and should not be considered a defect.
Create a splash this season with our vibrant Arizona bandeaukini swim top.   adjustable strap built-in bra partial lining nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Conveniently pack and stack fresh lunches with our 10-piece Healthy Living set that seals in the crisp flavor you want. measurement markings determine portion sizes removable, reusable non-toxic ice packs snap into lid BPA-free 5.5x4x9H plastic dishwasher safe imported 10-piece set includes: 4 2-cup containers 4 matching lids 2 ice packs
Comfort you can count on for your active lifestyle starts with this high performance sports bra. motion control front panel adjusts for all activity levels wide padded shoulder straps reduce strain quick dry inner cups wick away moisture and reduce chafing Magic Lift inner bands criss-cross design is wirefree and provides superior lift, separation and support exclusive two-way stretch back moves with you and prevents ride-up motion control front panel adjusts for all level of activity high performance fabrics with breathable mesh keep the body cool polyester/nylon/elastane machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #1166
Sparkly and cozy, our chunky open-front cardigan will be your dreamiest layer yet. ribbed trim acrylic/polyester/nylon/wool/metallic machine wash, dry flat imported misses: approx. 24½ - 26 length petite: approx. 22½ - 24½ length
Confidently enter the office in our richly textured tunic sweater, whose variegated ribbing creates the illusion of layers. side vents cotton/modal/polyester/nylon/metallic fibers machine wash, dry flat imported
Hang your clothes up to dry with these sturdy and attractive wooden clothespins.   turdy wooden construction smooth spring action and strong grip keeps clothes secure great for arts and crafts projects or as bag clips Measures 72mm. Wood. Imported.
Our chambray romper features embroidered thread on the front ruffle for an ultra-girly look. scoopneck embroidered thread on front ruffle Self fabric strap with ring and adjustable slider elastic waist side and back patch pockets 3¾ inseam for size 1X Tensel® washable imported
You don't have to hit the slopes to enjoy the warmth and style of this puffer jacket. attached hood zip front handwarmer pockets polyester washable imported
Perfect for a kid's room or under a loft bed, this contemporary styled futon sofa converts to a bed quickly and easily. Upholstered in microfiber, it is both durable and attractive. wood frame chrome steel legs contemporary style plush microfiber upholstery extra support legs wood/polyurethane/fabric/steel polyurethane foam cushion 67x28x31H assembly required, tools included wipe clean with damp cloth imported
Our Maidenform® Wear Your Own Bra Romper has plush, wide straps along with everyday control fabric that feels comfortable while helping to smooth and shape your derriere. Princess seams flatter your every move for a shapely look under clothes.  The Wear Your Own Bra feature gives you the opportunity to customize.   firm control Wear Your Own Bra for fit flexibility comfortable fabric for all-day wear plush, wide straps for stay-in-place comfort and assurance nylon/elastane hand wash imported manufacturer's style #1856
Our cultured freshwater pearl set adds a touch of class to everything from your little black dress to a casual button-front shirt and jeans. Includes drop earrings and pendant necklace crafted in 14K yellow gold over sterling silver. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silverPearl Type: Cultured freshwater pearlsPearl Color: White to creamPearl Size: 8.5-9mmEarring Back: WireNecklace Closure: Spring-ringNecklace Dimensions: 18 long rope chainJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give your bedroom some rustic flair with this comforter set featuring a chevron print in earthy tones. exaggerated chevron print in navy and taupe matching shams 3-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams Full/Queen sets include standard shams. King/Cal. King sets include king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton shams. Washable. Imported. Full/Queen: comforter is 88x92; shams are 26x20 King/Cal. King: comforter is 104x92; shams are 36x20
This On-the-Go puffer jacket from Dockers upgrades your travel style to first class by packing itself into its own pillow bag. jacket packs into included neck pillow bag stand collar zip front long sleeves zip handwarmer pockets 36 seeve length from center back neck elastic cuffs nylon down fill washable imported
Floral outlines against a blue background cover these indoor/outdoor rugs for unique space-defining accents.   mold and mildew resistant woven construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Egypt 0.157 pile height; 0.25 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Polypropylene Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Care Instructions: Spot clean Use: Indoor/outdoor Origin: Imported  
With reduced layering that enhances flexibility, our youthful athletic shoes give her plenty of comfort to go with her sporty style. technology articulated Phylite carrier outsole construction breathable mesh/synthetic upper durable rubber sole details lace-up entry toe and heel pods help reduce wear
Our modern-fit pants from Worthington are comfortable and versatile, perfect for your dressy ensemble. hidden zipper at side seam slim leg midrise modern fit 31 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Get groovy—stylistically speaking—in our fun tie-dye shorts. 4½ inseam rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Let your inner flapper take a walk on the wild side with this long, woven necklace. Mixed media red beads add subtle shimmer.   Stones: Red glass and wood beads Material: Red cotton thread Length: 32 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
He’ll look picture perfect in this 3-piece vest set. includes vest, long-sleeve shirt and clip-on tie vest and shirt: button front vest, tie: polyester shirt: cotton/polyester vest, shirt: washable; tie is dry clean only imported
For the finishing touch to a sophisticated look, slip on our Farrah pumps featuring a high heel and pointy-toe design.   black: polyurethane upper black and white stripes: satin upper approx. 3½ heel texon sole
Our off-the-shoulder tunic has a ruched collar and ties at the 3/4-sleeves for an extra feminine touch.●    3/4 sleeves●    blue: cotton/nylon. polyester lining, machine wash, line dry●    white:cotton.  has no lining. machine wash, tumble dry●    imported  
Made of 100% cotton, our short-sleeve screen tee is the perfect casual pick. scoopneck short sleeves approx. 29-29¾ length 100% cotton washable imported
Eliminate accidental burns around the grill or stove area with a Pitt Mitt grill glove. The handy mitt fits comfortably, protecting wrist and forearm, too.   aramid fiber glove with soft cotton lining lets user handle hot items directly off a very hot surface reversible for left or right hand silicone textured surface for a superior grip Washable. Imported.
For a classic, tailored style plus unsurpassed comfort this bra is made for women who prefer full coverage and wireless features. seamless and smooth straps matte & shiny modern look side support panels for great shape full figure and soft cup structure cotton/nylon/polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Our flutter shorts feature a Marvel graphic print for a hip look that will look great paired with a tee or tank top. ●    waistband●    low rise●    11⅝ inseam●    polyester/rayon●    washable●    imported  
Contrasting sleeves and a quarter placket lend sporty style to this cotton-rich raglan tee. crewneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Ergonomically designed to feel great in your hands, this sharpener is Swiss Sharp for a long-lasting, reliable blade. handcrafted in Switzerland tungsten carbide blade durable plastic polymer cover guard protects fingers internal plates rotate for extended life dishwasher safe imported
Show off your earthy style with this leaf design stretch bracelet with shimmering crystals..Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: CrystalsDimensions: 6 long circumferenceJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Looking sharp all day long is an effortless task with these comfortable leather loafers featuring a stylish buckle ornament at the saddle and handsome stitch detailing at the toe. leather upper slip on twin elastic gores provide an adjustable, comfortable fit molded EVA insole sock with memory foam heel pillow synthetic sole
Sleep will seem a little sweeter in our soft floral print nightgown with lace at the neckline and cuffs. 100% cotton washable imported
Confident coverage makes our Vanity Fair underwire bra a daily favorite for work and for play. adjustable straps lined with molded cups soft interior lining tagless underwire support full figure sizes nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer style #091520
Update your bedroom with an elegant, sophisticated look with this luxurious decorative pillow featuring the perfect blend of warm colors and intricate embroidery. woven satin embroidery 23x14 polyester with polyester fill spot clean only imported
Our handkerchief hem blouse is a must-have for a pair-with-anything, can't-fail style. v-neck approx. 23½ - 28 front length polyester washable imported
Perfect his dapper style with this handsome 4 piece set, including a button-front shirt, pants, a matching vest and coordinating clip-on tie. includes button-front vest, long-sleeve shirt, clip-on tie and flat-front pants back elastic-waist pants with faux fly vest: polyester/rayon; polyester lining button-front shirt: cotton/polyester pants, tie, sewn-in hankie and lining: polyester vest, shirt and pants are washable; tie is dry clean only imported
This inviting headboard highlights French country design characteristics with warm wood tones and brushed, ornately designed metalwork.   poplar and metal construction with cherry and birch veneers cinnamon cherry finish on wood; aged gold-tone finish on metal Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported. Full/Queen: 64Wx3Dx62H King/Cal. King: 83Wx3Dx66H
This Levi's reversible belt adds twice the style to any growing wardrobe.reverses from black to brown double prongs double perforations logo strap embossing bonded leather spot clean imported 
The Lux Sateen dress shirt from Van Heusen brings fresh color and easy-care convenience to your favorite suits and sport coats. wrinkle free spread collar with permanent stays button front French placket chest pocket shirttail hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Keep your look casual yet polished in our slub jersey knit v-neck tee.   side slits v-neck lightweight relaxed fit jersey knit black and white: cotton/modal/spandex all others: cotton washable imported misses: approx. 27¼ - 29¼ front length petite: approx. 23½ - 25½ front length
It's not the weekend until you slip on our easygoing cropped pants, with an adjustable drawstring waist for extra comfort. straight leg drawstring waist 2 front patch pockets 2 back patch pockets 20¼ inseam linen/rayon washable imported
Our hamper tote features a fox face patch with streamlined handles and collapses when not in use. streamlined handles collapses when not in use polyester clean with a damp cloth 22x11x27.3H easy assembly imported
Fill your evenings with a little down time. Our hypoallergenic down-alternative comforter has a dreamy down-like softness that's luxuriously relaxing.   300 thread-count cotton dobby hypoallergenic polyester fiber fill medium warmth 15 box-stitch design helps create a loftier, fluffier comforter easy-to-coordinate colors to match any decor self-corded polyester edges Cotton with polyester fill. Dry clean only. Manufacturer's 6-year limited warranty. Imported. Twin: 68x86; 35-ounce fill weight Full/Queen: 90x96; 51-ounce fill weight King: 108x96; 62-ounce fill weight
Men's Haggar Work-to-Weekend no-iron pants with a pleated front and expandable waist that expands up to 3 deliver a comfortable, finished look all day, every day.      classic fit sits on waist standard rise pleated front relaxed leg the most room through the seat and thigh wrinkle-resistant, no-iron fabric hidden expandable waistband expands up to 3 for maximum comfort button-through back pockets tapered legs cotton washable imported
Perfect for lower, open necklines, our Ambrielle plunge push-up bra adds lift to your silhouette while maintaining its support. Convertible straps offer wardrobe versatility. Style: plunge; provides less coverage for lower necklines Padding: push up; includes underwire for shape and support Fabric: nylon/spandex Care: hand wash, line dry Origin: imported  
The great design of our cotton hamper will make it look like just anther piece of furniture in your little one's room.  26x16½x15H wood frame 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
High quality, impact resistant bathroom scale with tempered clear glass round platform and sleek black accents.   measures up to 400 lbs (180 kg) in 0.2 lb (0.1 kg) increments automatic Shut-off feature ensures long battery life (2 lithium batteries included) clear tempered glass platform crisp digital display tap-on technology Plastic. Measures 13x13”. Wipe with a clean damp cloth. Imported. Lifetime Limited Warranty.
Dive in with a mix of pattern and bold color in these stretch-easy board shorts from Burnside. relaxed fit self-adhesiveless fly with drawcord back flap pocket with bungee key cord and wax comb/bottle opener flat front 11¼ inseam 90% polyester/10% spandex washable imported
Our comfy cotton tee features a graphic print of the Hogwarts crest in gold foil for a cool casual look. v-neck short sleeves graphic print 24-28 length jersey 100% cotton washable imported
These lined sharkskin suit pants offer timeless pleated style in a more modern fit.   double pleated straight leg cuffed 2 front button-through pockets 2 back button-through pockets zip front with button, hook and eye closure polyester/rayon with polyester lining to knee dry clean imported
Buckle up in style with our versatile Arizona reversible belt. Just a twist gives him a new look.   reverses from brown to black
seedbeads 1¾x10”
A fun striped pattern brings out his most handsome side with our polo from Arizona. spread collar short sleeves button placket side vents cotton/polyester washable imported
These Hanes boxer briefs will give him the all-day comfort he wants and the cottony softness he needs.  colors may vary elastic waist 10¾ length (size M) cotton/polyester washable imported  
You’ll get two looks in one with this tote, featuring a matching detachable envelope-style wristlet.   double handle with 10 drop magnetic closure synthetic includes matching detachable wristlet interior back wall zip pocket and 2 cellphone pockets Tote 12½x6x18; wristlet 9½x7 imported
Our grill cover offers high-end style and medium-weight protection, designed to keep your grill looking its best year round. fits grills up to 24x70x48H Tough Rain-Tite™ fabric protects against rain, snow, sun and dirt and won’t crack in cold weather StayOn™ elastic loops fit over legs to keep cover on during high winds and breezy conditions air vents reduce inside condensation and wind lofting elastic cord in the bottom hem for a fast and custom fit 24x70x48H woven polyester with laminated backing clean with a soft brush and lukewarm water; do not use soap as it may remove the protective coatings imported Measure your furniture based on the illustrations. Select a cover that's slightly larger in length (L) and width (W), length (L) and depth (D) or diameter (DIA) than your furniture. The height of your cover has not been designed to completely cover legs or wheels.
Laidback, weekend-ready pants from Dockers sport a modern fit in a soft-touch cotton twill. athletic fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure flat front slim tapered leg hemmed 100% cotton washable imported
A stylish embroidered floral print and soft golden color make this decorative pillow a perfect addition to the top of your bed. elegant floral embroidery piping edge finish cotton with polyester fill spot clean 16x16 imported
Our swing tee features a high-low hem and flowy style that pairs nicely with a variety of bottoms. scoopneck short sleeves high-low hem rayon washable imported
Your day could be instantly happier when you wear these cheerful flower earrings.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: White acrylic stones Back: Clip-on Dimensions: .75x.75 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring moisture-wicking fabric and a full support, underwire design, this Bali bra is an easy choice for your active lifestyle. adjustable straps underwire polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement with this chaise sectional featuring sharkfin arms and luxurious fabric upholstery.   sturdy oak and plywood frame glued and stapled joinery sinuous spring system reversible cushions filled with upholstery foam removable feet includes 2 coordinating accent pillows Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester linen blend; 92% polyester, 8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top Hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Made in America. Measures 142Wx91Dx36H overall with a 20 seat height, 24 seat depth and 22 seat back height and includes: Right-arm chaise: 38Wx68Dx36H Armless loveseat: 59Wx39Dx36H Left-arm corner sofa: 91Wx39Dx36H
Seamed for a great fit, our slim-leg, stretch-knit ankle pants sit below your waist, straight-and-narrow through the hip and thigh, to keep the emphasis on the vertical. zip fly with hook, bar and inside button closures inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front slant pockets 2 back faux welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations misses: 27 inseam petite: 25 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Look cool and casual in our graphic tee. crewneck short sleeves jersey cotton/polyester washable imported
Add a sporty casual look to your closet with our v-neck tee. v-neck short sleeves graphic print cotton/polyester washable imported
An eco-friendly laundry solution for bedrooms and baths, this naturally beautiful hamper looks as good as it is functional.   durable construction naturally beautiful and eco-friendly bamboo includes a removable and washable natural cotton liner Some assembly required. Bamboo with a cotton liner. Measures 13.5x13.5x25″H. Imported.
Cook your favorite foods with less oil and fat in the GreenPan Focus fry pan set. The aluminum body and Thermolon™ ceramic nonstick coating ensure excellent heat distribution for perfect browning, frying and searing. Thermolon ceramic coating is healthy, safe and does not contain any toxic chemicals or persistent pollutants no harmful fumes, peeling, chipping or flaking off of the coating PFOA, lead and cadmium free 60% less CO2 is emitted during the curing phase of production of Thermolon coatings, compared to the emissions during the curing phase of production of traditional coatings GreenPan processes used materials—such as upcycyled aluminum for cookware bodies—into new products to prevent waste of potentially useful materials stay-cool Bakelite handles heat resistant to 850ºF oven safe to 350ºF Set includes: 7 fry pan 10 fry pan Aluminum. Dishwasher safe. Imported.   
Add versatile comfort to your casual style with our fitted mid-rise leggings. skinny leg mid rise polyester/spandex washable imported
Add a dash of élan to your look with ultra-modern, coiled sphere earrings in a glimmering, gold-tone finish.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Back: Leverback Dimensions: Approx. 1⅛L Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bold stripes and contrasting neck and cuffs update our everyday-essential thermal tee from Arizona. crewneck long sleeves solid trim at neckline and cuff cotton/polyester washable imported
Bring delightful whimsy to your little one’s world and any room of the house with this plush lamb character chair, the most comfortable companion for reading, relaxing and snuggling.   for ages 1+ 18x18x20 polyester spot clean with damp rag
Save the day with these Batman boxer briefs, featuring a superhero print and comfortable design. includes solid pair and print pair polyester/spandex washable imported S=4, M=6, L=8, XL=10
This teapot features a Greek wine finish and is crafted in the Japanese style inspired by highly-prized antique Japanese cast iron teapots still in use today.   black porcelain enamel interior coating stainless steel tea brewing basket intended for brewing and serving tea, not for stovetop use 26-oz. capacity Iron/steel. Hand wash. Imported.
Create delicious drinks that are perfectly strained with this handy cocktail strainer—a must-have to complete your bar set.   polished, corrosion-free stainless steel heavy duty long term durability Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
The Timex® women's black leather strap watch is perfect for casual or dressy occasions. With its easy-to-read dial, you'll know the time with just one glance. Includes date window for added convenience.   Brand: Timex® Dial Color: White Bracelet: Black leather strap Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: Up to 30m Case Width: 25mm Case Thickness: 6mm Bracelet Dimensions: 135-190mm long, 9mm wide Model No.: 2H341 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Graceful womens watch combines beauty with dependable functionality. Features a silver-tone dial and crystal encrusted bezel.   Brand: Citizen Dial Color: Silver-tone Bracelet: Silver-tone stainless steel Accents: CRYSTALLIZED™ — Swarovski Elements Clasp: Jewelry type fold-over Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 19mm Case Thickness: 6.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7 1/8 long, 14mm wide Model No.: EK1120-55A Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You'll have perfectly pretty swim style under wraps with our diagonal ruffle tankini swim top in a bold black-and-white paisley print. soft cups partially lined jersey knit polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Showcase your flair for all things luxurious with these executive-style leather dress shoes featuring a cap toe, perforated detailing and a distinctive monk strap. leather upper slip on adjustable monk strap with buckle comfort gel footbed synthetic/rubber sole
Sport a collegiate look with this simple plaid bedding set that includes a coordinating sheet set. plaid design in shades of blue, burgundy, charcoal and white solid coordinating color on back sheet set and sham(s) feature coordinating print sheet set fits mattresses up to 10 deep 5-piece Twin/Twin XL sets include: comforter sham flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase 7-piece Full sets include: comforter 2 shams flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin/Twin XL and Full sets include standard sham(s) and pillowcase(s). Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester sham(s), flat sheet, fitted sheet and pillowcase(s). Washable. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: comforter is 64x86; sham is 26x20; flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x80; pillowcase is 30x20 Full: comforter is 76x86; shams are 26x20; flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20
Whether you're going to a show or to get your grub on, our slip-on Skechers are the perfect match for any casual occasion. technology GO pillars GOga MAT® technology construction textile/synthetic upper EVA sole details slip-on memory form fit  
You'll bring dramatic style to any festivity with the flattering side-draped design of our striking sleeveless dress.   42½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Featuring pork-chop pockets and range-dyed neon coloring, these Carter's shorts will be a staple of her warm-weather wardrobe. covered elastic waistband with drawstring pre-washed for softness 100% cotton washable imported
Almost as bright as her eyes, our two-pair set of cubic zirconia-lined hoop earrings shimmer and sparkle with every step. Metal: Sterling silverStone: Clear and pink cubic zirconiaSetting: ChannelBack: PostDimensions: 10mm hoops with 1.5mm cubic zirconia Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bring texture to your bed with this neutral Euro sham featuring a subtle design.   contrasting trim 1 decorative flange measures 26x26 Sold individually. Requires a 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Polyester with cotton back. Dry clean. Imported.
You'll be on the move in comfort in our breathable, moisture-wicking relaxed-fit mesh pants. Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry mid rise front pockets straight legs polyester washable imported
Our soft tee may not have 23 flavors, but it does have plenty of comfort and style you'll enjoy.  crewneck short sleeves front graphic cotton/polyester washable imported
Casual meets dress in this chic romper with loose-fitting fabric and geometric, vibrant print. v-neck long sleeves elastic cuffs and waist fully lined 32.5 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Store all your toiletries in this 100% leather toiletry bag that features a zippered bottom compartment for easy access to your things. 1 internal compartment leather wipe clean imported
Make his first pair of swim trunks a fun one with these beauties from the Disney Collection. UPF 50+ faux tie and fly elastic waistband polyester washable imported
With its increased back panel depth, Deep Space spinner upright luggage makes for easy and convenient packing. durable hardside design expandable by 2 telescoping trolley handle built-in TSA lock 2 big interior compartments and 2 zipper pockets spinner wheels corner guards on bottom polycarbonate composite/polyester 15x10x26H imported
These kids' high tops with classic Chuck Taylor styling offer durable canvas fashion at a great price!   kids unisex for both boys and girls canvas upper bears the original Chuck Taylor patch logo sturdy styling for long-lasting wear padded footbed cushions your little one's feet with every step vulcanized rubber sole and toe cap for durability and superior traction
Inspired by an antique telescoping lamp, our swivel floor lamp with brushed nickel finish is handsome with a new traditional vibe. This articulating lamp with white textured cotton shade is easy to adjust for reading or ambient light in any room.  brushed nickel base white shade rotary switch 83.5 cord ceramic 100% cotton shade 16x16x60H requires 1 CFL 13W bulb, included minor assembly required imported
The Saratoga cut-to-width roller shade effectively blocks light and ensures privacy, with a light-blocking blackout layer sandwiched between two layers of vinyl. Note: Roller shades will be slightly narrower than the width ordered; to avoid the resulting light gap on each side and to achieve maximum privacy and light control, consider outside mount.   cordless product safe for homes with young children and pets cut to the exact width you need from 15 to 73¼ wide embossed vinyl with the look of fabric white on street side except ivory which is the same color on both sides heavy-duty spring roller mechanism allows you to adjust shade to any height Fits windows up to 64 long. Inside or outside casing installation. Window must be at least ¾ deep for inside mount, 2¼ deep for flush inside mount. Mounting hardware and instructions included. Shades wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported. To Order: After measuring your windows, select the size range you need, and the color and quantity and click on add to bag. You will then be able to specify the exact width you need for your shade. For inside mount, subtract 1/8 from your overall width to account for mounting brackets. Note: If you are ordering more than one shade within the same size range and want the shades cut to different widths, you must place each shade in the shopping bag separately. Spring motor roller shades are manufactured with approximately 8” of extra fabric added to the length. This is required for the proper operation of the spring activated roller mechanism. FREE SWATCH: If you would like to receive a swatch of the fabric prior to ordering the item, please e-mail customerservice@phaseii.com to receive a sample swatch of fabric. Please include your name, address, item description and color that corresponds with your selection. Allow 5 days to receive the swatch. *Cost savings represent the relative cost of heating or cooling an area to account for heat lost or gained through a window. Savings reflect comparison to a bare single-pane window. Energy Savings logo developed by JCPenney for exclusive use. Energy Savings testing conducted by an independent third-party laboratory.
From the office to the golf course, this black-to-brown reversible dress belt gives you more style options.                                     only at JCPenney approx. 1¼ wide                                         black to brown reversible textured detail on nose of buckle   polyurethane/bonded leather/leather spot clean imported                                            For a proper fit, order belt for your exact waist size.
This basketweave-style tie from Van Heusen® catches the light in all your favorite colors.   3½ wide silk dry clean imported
Our City Streets leggings are fitness fashion that takes you from activity to inactivity with the same level of comfort. mid rise elastic waistband 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
A luxurious way to enjoy your favorite red or white libation, this glass wine bottle features distinct Italian craftsmanship.   lead-free, break-resistant glass easy to fill and pour ¾-liter capacity  Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Assembled from hundreds of fabric panels in a patchwork construction, this quilt set has a charming vintage style that features floral print fabrics, framed with sage and ivory diamond patchwork. scalloped edge border all over coordinating floral on back 2-piece Twin set includes: quilt sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: quilt 2 shams Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Cotton quilt with cotton fill; cotton sham. Washable. Imported. Twin: quilt is 68x88; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: quilt is 90x90; shams are 26x20 King: quilt is 105x95; shams are 36x20
Colorful lights and happy music combine to make this soft guitar a rockstar addition to the playtime lineup. tap the star for sound and lights includes AAA batteries polyester spot clean imported
With lots of pockets for all his treasures, these must-have cargo shorts are an easy choice when comfort and style matter. elastic waist with drawstring cotton/nylon washable imported
This smart cubic zirconia stud earring set is a great way to add a little—or a lot—of sparkle to your look. Dial the dazzle down with one pair or bling it on using all three pairs with multiple piercings.Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: Cubic zirconiaBack: FrictionDimensions: 3/16, 1/8 and 1/16 longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Designed with the latest features and steam technology to make your life easier, this iron’s powerful design gets rid of those wrinkles in a snap. soft-touch grip and nonstick soleplate glides across fabrics Shot of Steam® offers an extra blast of steam using the iron either horizontally or vertically retractable cord securely retracts inside base for easy storage 3-way Motion Smart® automatic shutoff turns iron off after 8 minutes in upright position or 30 seconds if down or on its side 120V; 1200W plastic/metal imported
Sweet dreams will find you in no time when you snuggle into bed in our sleeveless nightshirt by Sleep Chic. roundneck 36½ length 100% cotton washable imported
You'll love the way you look and feel on a summer day when you're wearing our high-rise shorty shorts. high-rise zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported
Pop a healthier treat with this hot-air popcorn popper. pops with air, not oil, for a low-fat treat chute directs popcorn right into bowl built-in butter melter doubles as a measuring cup AC/DC plastic 5¼x7½x13H wipe clean imported
Get the freshest cup of coffee with a Grind & Brew coffee maker. Grind your beans right before brewing, or use the grind-off feature to brew pre-ground coffee.    10-cup (5 ounces each) double-wall insulated thermal carafe Brew Pause™ lets you enjoy a cup before brewing has finished 1 to 4-cup feature for personal use 24-hour fully programmable automatically shuts off when brewing is complete gold-tone commercial-style permanent filter charcoal water filter removes impurities Measures 8.1x11.2x15H.
What it is: A pigmented, glossy lip paint for sexy color and shine. What it does: Lacquer up your lips with this glossy version of tarte’s longwearing, tateist™ Glossy Lip Paint. This liquid lip paint features concentrated pigments in a conditioning serum for high-coverage color with a hydrating, glossy finish. Natural skin soothers and conditioners leave lips softer, supple, and nourished while the high-shine, non-sticky formula increases the volume for a fuller-looking lip. Featuring natural and stylish nudes and plums, this lip formula let’s you paint on precise pigment using the slanted paint brush wand, delivering sultry color and shine with a simple stroke. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Phthalates What else you need to know: This product is dermatologist tested.Suggested Usage: -Use the tarteist™ paint brush wand to paint on luxe, glossy lip color. -First, use its precision felt tip to contour lips by tracing along the upper and lower lip line. -Then, shade inside the lip line using the flat applicator surface.Size:0.20 ozIngredients: -Concentrated Mineral Pigments: Deliver rich, lip-soothing pigment while nourishing and softening skin. Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Octyldodecanol, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Water, Polybutene, Polyglyceryl-3 Diisostearate, Diphenyl Dimethicone, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Ethylcellulose, Jojoba Esters, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Wax, Stearic Acid, Ethylhexylglycerin, Pentylene Glycol, Talc, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Acacia Decurrens Flower Wax, Polyglycerin-3, Mica, Polyurethane-56, Sodium Hyaluronate, Phenoxyethanol. (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140), Blue 1 Lake (CI 42090), Red 27 Lake (CI 45410), Red 6 (CI 15850).
Made from soft, stretch cotton knit, our sleek racerback tank top is an everyday layering essential. cotton/spandex washable imported
Brand: EarnshawDial Color: BlackStrap: Black leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: AutomaticWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 43mmCase Thickness: 14.5mmBracelet Dimensions: 8-9 long; 22-20mm wideModel No.: ES-8008-04Special Features: Date function Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Featuring elegant lace shoulders, our sleeveless gown is both timeless and tasteful, making it the perfect choice for your next formal occasion. sweetheart neckline back zip 61½ length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
A sparkling beaded keyhole neckline gives our long-sleeve knit top a touch of glamour that will let you shine day or night. pleated neckline jersey knit polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported misses: approx. 24½ - 27 length petite: approx. 23½ - 26 length
Use Orville Redenbacher's Fountain Popper for a healthful snack. It pops with hot air, not oil, for a low-fat treat, and the cover doubles as a serving bowl so you can go from popping to enjoying with a flip of the lid. see-through cover doubles as a serving bowl uses AC electrical current makes 16 cups in about 3 minutes 16-cup capacity plastic wipe clean 12x10x13 imported
Turn it up. These stud earrings celebrate some spectacular sparkle from an array of purple clusters.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Purple glass stones Back: Post Dimensions: .58x.55 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Throw on our seamed graphic sweatshirt for comfortable coverage before, during and after workouts. approx. 27⅝ - 29¼ front length French terry cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring expert craftsmanship, these Boba Fett cuff links are the perfect gift for the Star Wars fan in your life.  ⅝ x ⅞ fixed logo backing silver-plated base metal with enamel spot clean imported
Your little guy will be ready to save the planet and read the time with this kids watch, featuring Captain America on the dial.      Brand: Marvel Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Red nylon Clasp: Fast clasp Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50mm Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long, 16mm wide Model No.: W001539 Special Features: Easy read dial   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A rose blossom print and lattice stitching makes our bedspread a lovely addition to your bedroom. quilt design is printed rather than pieced together, offering a similar look with great value twin: 80x110 full: 96x110 queen: 102x118 king: 120x118 100% cotton with cotton batting fill washable imported Coordinating accessories sold separately.
Built to stand up to the stresses of the great outdoors, this durable men’s field watch makes great use of a powerfully built, stainless steel case.   Brand: Timex Dial Color: White Strap: Brown leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 45mm Case Thickness: 10mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8” long, 20mm wide Model No.: T499907R Special Features: date display, Indiglo night light, 3 ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add some sparkle with our cubic zirconia climber earrings, designed with quality 14K yellow gold and a cool, modern look.  Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: Cubic zirconia Back: Friction Dimensions: 5.74x28.93mm Made in America. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail
Breathe easy with this air purifier that's designed to clear the air quietly and efficiently. three-stage filtration captures 99.97% of airborne dust, allergens and odors odor sensor detects odors and adjusts the fan speed to the cleaning level required sleep mode produces a 26.0db sound level for peaceful sleep actively circulates and filters all air throughout a room 120 watts. Plastic. Measures 17.6x10.1x24.3H. Assembly required. Imported.
Majestic cushion-cut peridots are framed by lab-created white sapphires to grab noticeable attention on this necklace and ring set. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving. Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Cushion-cut genuine peridots Other Stones: Round lab-created white sapphires Setting: Prong Necklace Closure: Spring-ring Necklace Dimensions: 18 long rope chain Pendant Size: 21x25.5mm long Ring Gallery Height: 7mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our solid-color adjustable hipster swim bottoms take mix-and-matchability to the max—just add your favorite swim top and you’re set to go. partially lined polyester/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
Whether with a sport coat or polo shirt, these flat-front pants fit the occasion with a handsome profile and a comfortable, big and tall fit. hidden expandable waistband front slash pockets back button-thru welt pockets zip fly with button closure flat front straight leg hemmed cotton washable imported
Whether you pair it with cool boxers or cozy sleep pants, our all-cotton sleep tee will be your favorite way to top off your lounge-time looks roundneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
For practicality and style, our Henry Ferrera boots will become an instant hit in your wardrobe.   synthetic/PVC upper lace up 10 shaft circumference 8 shaft height acrylic faux-fur lining PVC outsole
Fashioned in soft, plush microfiber with playful crisscross straps, our T-shirt-approved Flirtitude bra boasts a sleek silhouette and demi style that’s just right for most necklines. adjustable straps padded cups underwire front closure nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
These faux-wood wedge sandals comfortably elevate your style and are easily paired with skirts, pants or shorts. polyurethane upper 3.5 faux-wood heel 1 platform adjustable ankle strap polyurethane sole
Add some sass to your everyday attire with our cold-shoulder print maxi dress. scoopneck short cold-shoulder sleeves elastic waist 57 length from shoulder lined chiffon polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Infused with gel in the heel for unbeatable all-day comfort, our sleek wingtip oxfords redefine what it means to look business ready. lace up leather upper rubber sole
Seamlessly blending delicate floral elements with paisley patterns, this coral vase brings the liveliness of spring into your home.   durable earthenware construction hand-painted design Earthenware. Measures 3¾ in diameter; 6¼H. Hand wash. Imported.
A patented Wave-Action® blending system pulls your smoothie mixture down into the blender's stainless steel blades for consistently smooth results—no more ice chunks!   8 speeds; 12 blending functions stainless steel blades and base 700 watts of peak power 40-ounce thermal, shock-resistant glass jar with mess-free pouring spout Measures 6¾x9½x15H; weighs 7.1 lbs. Dishwasher-safe lid, blades and jar. Manufacturer's 3-year warranty. Imported.  
Our sleeveless blouson dress is accented with a faux leather braided belt—perfect for those warm-weather days. roundneck sleeveless 36½ length from shoulder lined polyester washable imported
Warm-weather days are covered with this linen-cotton sport coat from Stafford, featuring a blended fabric that drapes well without over-wrinkling. lightweight coverage long sleeves notch lapel 2-button front slant chest pocket 2 lower flap pockets 3 interior pockets side vents linen/cotton body and sleeve lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Varying stitched patterns and pointelle styling will have you adoring our knit cardigan. open front cotton/nylon/rayon machine wash, dry flat
Comfortable enough for your business trip, our travel pants from Stafford have a classic fit and design that works to make you look and feel your best. zip fly with hook, bar and button closure 4 pockets front and back rise cuffed legs pleated classic fit wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported
With a no-show profile and moisture-wicking technology, our Converse liner socks are the perfect complement to your favorite Chucks. package of 3 pairs made for Chucks moisture management y-heel polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12
Be a star with this graphic t-shirt in bold colors that will perk up any school day. electric pink: polyester all other colors: cotton/polyester washable imported
These Dockers khakis combine relaxed fit comfort with sharp looking business casual style. relaxed fit straight leg sits slightly below waist pleated cotton/polyester washable imported
Add to your rocker-chic wardrobe with the addition of these stud earrings and three-row chain bracelet with tassel.Metal: Gold-toneStones: Black stonesBracelet Closure: ToggleBracelet Dimensions: 7½ long curb chainEarring Back: PostEarring Dimensions: .6 longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Table lamps come in a set of 2 and are the perfect lighting option for your library, office or anywhere demanding a touch of traditional luster.    antiqued brass-finished metal base cotton/polyester ivory shade 3-way switch Set of 2. Metal/fabric. Measures 27½H. Shade is 14D. Uses one 100W bulb, max., not included. Some assembly required. Imported. Due to Title 20 legislation, California customers will receive a lamp with an on/off switch and a free compact fluorescent bulb.
The short and long of it is you’ll enjoy the puppy love from this glittery dachshund pendant necklace. Metal: Silver-plated brass Stones: Crystals Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long cable chain Pendant Size: 25x19mm long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Whether for a yoga session or an evening of relaxation, these mid-rise cropped performance leggings are all you need. allover print mid rise straight legs 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Cool style will be your signature when you're wearing our JF J. Ferrar short-sleeve cotton dress shirt. point collar short sleeves button down 2 chest pockets with flaps casual fit 100% cotton washable imported
Celebrate your quirky side with our cool graphic printed Arizona muscle shirts. crewneck sleeveless screenprint cotton/polyester washable imported
An enchanting raised butterfly perched on the dial gives this watch a lovely nature feel.   Brand: Decree Dial Color: Gold-tone Strap: White synthetic Movement: Quartz Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 17mm wide Model No.: PT1482GDWT   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A relaxed look and a chill fit make these board shorts perfect for surfing, swimming or lounging. UPF 50+ protection VaporPLUS quick drying technology Velcro® fly with string closure inside key pocket and side seam pockets mesh liner 10 inseam polyester washable imported
With classic design elements like three eyelets and a plain toe, these handsome chukka boots are a dependable everyday option. construction synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up
Specially woven to stretch and move with you, our colorblock jacket will be the one you reach for when you want lightweight coverage on-the-go. mechanical stretch fabric for comfort piping at front princess seams front zip closure two side pockets approx. 25¾ - 27¼ center back length twill polyester washable imported
Featuring a variety of natural and metal-inspired color tones, this grommet-top curtain panel will keep your space cool and inviting thanks to its blackout liner.   grommet-top styling offers a relaxed, casual look lustrous fabric adds a bit of elegance panels sold individually thermal properties to let room stay warm in winter and cool in the summer Rayon/polyester with polyester lining. Each panel measures 50 wide. Washable. Imported.
Enjoy a fresh look with these cutout flower earrings in a disc style. ‪Designed to maintain their consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years, these 14K yellow gold earrings are also more durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking due to a patented hardening process. Hypoallergenic and nickel free. ‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬‬   Metal: 14K yellow goldBack: LeverbackDimensions: 15.5mm wide; .63mm thick Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Whether dressed down or dolled up, our skinny-fit cropped jeans will give you the look you desire. skinny fit 5-pocket styling button-and-zip fly closure 23 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Get back to the basics of style with ease in our classic Bedford twill pants, perfect with flats for a casual look. front pockets back welt pockets with flap button-and-zip closure cotton/spandex washable imported plus: 31½ inseam plus short: 29½ inseam plus long: 34 inseam plus extended: 32 inseam plus: 34 inseam
Stay true to your style, but just slightly dressed up in this comfy tunic dress. button front 32 length 100% Lyocell machine wash, line dry imported
Make a lovely impression in the delicate details of our lace sheath dress—perfect for daytime style and after-hours parties. sleeveless scoopneck loop-and-button closure 40 length from shoulder polyester polyester/spandex lining machine wash, line dry imported
This tee’s soft cotton and the unmistakable Nike stamp keep you on top of your game. crewneck 100% cotton washable imported
Featuring a fusion of British traditional and old-world tropical designs, this headboard and nightstand give any space an appealing European feel.   hardwood and engineered wood construction mahogany and Albazia veneers nightstand features a storage drawer, cubby and antique brass hardware Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported. Queen headboard: 63Wx4Dx54H King headboard: 80Wx4Dx54H Nightstand: 22Wx16Dx28H
These cuff links feature a seal of the United States Marine Corps in full color, making them a great gift for veterans, or fans of the few and the proud.   metal with polished gold-tone finish toggle backs imported  
Featuring a subtle polka dot theme, these wine glasses bring a little personality to entertaining while maintaining an elegant appeal.   handmade glass construction subtle polka dot theme each has a 20-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
A stock pot is always handy to have, and this six-quart version is just the ticket for creating soups and stews or for boiling pasta. The nonstick ceramic interior requires little to no oil for healthier cooking.   heavy-gauge aluminum provides fast, even heating smooth porcelain enamel exterior is durable and easy to clean cream-colored ceramic interior is PFOA, lead and cadmium free tempered glass lid keeps in moisture and flavor during cooking and lets you monitor your progress with just a glance soft-grip cast stainless steel handles are double riveted for durability oven safe to 350ºF Aluminum with ceramic interior, glass lid and stainless steel handle. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
What it is: A powerful mini ionic blow dryer with dual-voltage capacity—perfect for travel. What it does: This incredibly compact, lightweight, luxury mini dryer features dual-voltage technology, so you can use it anywhere around the globe. It boasts a powerful DC motor which emits negative ions into the hair to eliminate frizz and leave hair shiny and silky-smooth. Two settings allow hair to dry in half the time, and a plug adapter enables easy powering when abroad. The dryer also includes a diffuser nozzle and features a soft-touch rubberized finish. Precautions: -Possible electric shock. Do not immerse or use while bathing. Sutible for dry locations only. Size:5.5 x 3 x 3
true Convenient and smartly designed, this durable gas dryer lets you do laundry on your terms. Its end-of-cycle signal alerts you when the load is done so clothes can be removed before wrinkles set in. 6.8 cu. ft. 4 heat selections DuraDrum interior provides long-lasting dependability Auto Dry feature monitors air temperature to set dry times left-swing door 42 x 27 x 28 1/4
Our legacy cargo shorts from St. John’s Bay uphold the tradition of quality construction and enduring style. soft, microsanded cotton twill fabric regular fit zip fly with button closure 2 front slant pockets 2 side cargo pockets with self-adhesive closure 2 back pockets with button-through flaps hemmed cotton washable imported  
Our relaxed-fit jeans feature 3x1 crosshatch denim for an authentic look and feel. They have a felled inseam for comfort and signature deco stitch and authentic branding on the interior and exterior of the jeans. relaxed fit sits slightly below the waist zip fly flat front 5-pocket styling straight leg hemmed cotton washable imported
Silver-plated tie bar, with enamel inlay, is a sleek way to elevate your style.   clip closure 2 x ¼ silver-plated base metal/enamel clean with polishing cloth imported
The Nike Dri-FIT crew socks give you the moisture-wicking performance and cushioned support you need to go the distance. package of 3 pairs Dri-FIT® moisture technology wicking keeps feet cool and dry reinforced heel and toe for durability left/right-specific for a better fit arch compression for perfectly snug fit cotton/nylon/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13, fits shoe sizes 8-12
With rhinestone accents and diamond-patterned, embroidered detailing, our zip-front denim jacket will top your list of chilly weather, mix-and-match favorites. cotton/polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
These sneakers combine smooth styling with great durability for good-looking, versatile footwear that lasts.   synthetic upper sculpted EVA midsole padded foam sockliner lightweight cushioning high-abrasion rubber outsole for traction and durability
Great for novices and pros alike, this 8-pc. nonstick cookware set includes everything you need in your kitchen for preparing the perfect meal for your family.   heavy-gauge aluminum for even heating multi-layer nonstick coating for lasting release pan and cover are oven safe up to 450ºF stay-cool, brushed stainless steel handles 8-piece cookware set includes: 1½-quart saucepan with lid 2½-quart saucepan with lid  8-quart stock pot with lid  8 omelette pan 10 omelette pan Aluminum. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
The added height and style of this console table entertainment center makes it a perfect fit for entertaining, dining or decorative purposes. Adjustable shelves and storage drawers hide accessories and keep the area neat.   high-grade MDF and tempered safety glass dowel, cam bolt and cam lock joinery 2 adjustable shelves 2 drawers wood drawer glides wire management holes in the back accommodates TVs up to 55 supports up to 250 pounds 53x16x35H wipe clean with a soft cloth imported
She’ll love displaying her faith in this girl's, sterling silver pendant and earrings set with CZs all over for plenty of sparkle.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Cubic zirconia Necklace Closure: Spring-ring Necklace Length: 15 cable chain Earring Back: Friction Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Bring web-slinging fun to the pool with these easy-care swim trunks, boasting a relaxed fit and Spider-Man print. UPF 50+ relaxed fit mesh-lined brief elastic waist with faux drawstring polyester washable imported
Store and keep your patio covers and cushions organized with our durable storage bag. Gardelle™ Fabric System features an elegant fabric top protective, water-repellant laminated backing large zippered top opening for easy-access long padded carrying handles holds 4 chair/bench or 2 chaise lounge cushions up to 45.5(L)x13.75(W)x20H strong woven polyester fabric clean with soft brush and water, air dry imported
A lace hemline ups the dainty factor on our dreamy sweater—fit for a girly girl. approx. 25½ - 27½ length acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
Add shimmering style to your everyday looks with this gold-tone necklace featuring alternating stations of crystal-encrusted bars and chain fringe.Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: CrystalsClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 32 long chainJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
So soft and comfortable, our sweater knit crewneck top will be the first thing you reach for on weekend mornings. high-low hem rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: approx. 24⅞ - 26¾ front length; 26⅞ - 28¾ back length petite: approx. 24½ - 26½ front length; 26½ - 28½ back length
Armed with his signature gear, this Star Wars pillow buddy features the mysterious dark warrior Kylo Ren. shaped like Kylo Ren polyester with polyester fill spot clean 23x9 imported
These towels are a fun addition to your bathroom thanks to their playful design and bold colors.   bright, fun design absorbent, durable cotton construction Cotton. Washable. Imported. bath towel: 52x27 hand towel: 28x16 wash-cloth: 13x13
When cooler nights call for a little extra warmth, reach for this comforting fleece down-alternative blanket.   soft plush side reverses to pinstripe microfiber mid to extra warmth Polyester with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: 66x90 Full/Queen: 90x90 King: 104x90
When it's time for a bathroom makeover, keep your feet happy with our tufted bath rugs. They're available in a variety of bright colors to suit your style. Each rug sold separately.   ultra-soft 3/4 pile durable, tufted design nonskid latex backing coordinates with the JCPenney Home Solid Bath Towels and the JCPenney Home Striped Bath Towels, sold separately Each rug sold separately. Nylon. Washable. Made in America. Oblong rugs: available in 17x24, 20x32 or 24x38 Contour rug (fits around toilet base): 20x24 Standard lid cover: 17x19
Okie Dokie® Girls Sandals Add some glitz to her step for any sunny day with our Okie Dokie jelly sandals. synthetic upper synthetic sole
A pretty sequin lace skirt contrasts the ultra-feminine chiffon bodice of our blouson dress for a stunningly airy confection. 41 length from shoulder polyester chiffon polyester/spandex stretch lace polyester lining hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Arizona’s polo shirt brings a pop of prep to his wardrobe and offers timeless comfort and style. flat knit collar 2-button placket cotton washable imported
With its luxe nubby texture and modern styling, our bouclé jacket will be your most refined layer of the season. button closure 2 front pockets; 2 inside pockets 36 length from shoulder polyester shell polyester lining washable imported
A fun and flowy feel makes this striking and stylish cross-front maxi skirt one that you'll love wearing any day of the week. elastic waistband relaxed fit 39 length lined polyester washable imported
Find the speed you want and supportive fit you need with the superior athletic style of New Balance 495 running shoes.   leather/mesh upper lace up IMEVA midsole rubber sole 
These climacool mesh midways are the ideal blend of performance and comfort, with a streamlined fit to complement your body's movement. fabric combines soft finish with moisture-wicking management mesh panels for ventilation double-lined support pouch no ride-up leg construction non-chafing stitching tag free polyester/spandex washable imported
Create a chic look in your space with this bedding set featuring a comforter with a geometric fretwork design that's inverted on the other side for fresh, versatile fabric. white and dusty teal tones reversible for two looks in one 180 thread-count printed sheet set fitted sheet fits twin mattresses up to 12 deep and all other sizes up to 14 deep 7-piece Twin set includes: comforter sham flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase bedskirt with 15 drop decorative pillow 9-piece Full, Queen, King or Cal. King set includes: comforter 2 shams flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases bedskirt with 15 drop decorative pillow Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin, Full and Queen sets include standard sham(s). King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter and decorative pillow with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt; cotton sheets and pillowcases. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin: comforter is 68x86; sham is 26x20; flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 30x20; bedskirt is 75x39; decorative pillow is 18x12 Full: comforter is 78x86; shams are 26x20; flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20; bedskirt is 75x54; decorative pillow is 18x12 Queen: comforter is 90x90; shams are 26x20; flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 30x20; bedskirt is 80x60; decorative pillow is 18x12 King: comforter is 104x92; shams are 36x20; flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 40x20; bedskirt is 80x78; decorative pillow is 18x12 Cal. King: comforter is 104x92; shams are 36x20; flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 72x84; pillowcases are 40x20; bedskirt is 72x84; decorative pillow is 18x12 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Bold embroidery amps up the chic factor of our light and airy gauze peasant top. We recommend wearing a tank top or cami underneath (shown with tank, not included). front keyhole with tassel ties relaxed fit 100% cotton washable imported
The modern appeal of our Liz Claiborne layered shirt is instantly evident and already feels like a favorite. scoopneck 3/4 sleeves approx. 23½ length cotton/polyester lining: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Uniquely designed to celebrate an iconic city, this luggage is incredibly lightweight and offers ample storage space. durable hardside design expandable by 2 lightweight aluminum internal handle system built-in TSA lock 2 big interior compartments and 3 zipper pockets spinner wheels corner guards on bottom polycarbonate composite/polyester 17x11½x26H imported
Bring earthy charm to your step with this 3-pc. silver-tone toe ring set, featuring a leaf and seed bead detailing. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Orange seed beads  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Brand: Disney Collection Dial Color: White Strap: Gold-tone metal alloy links Clasp: Deployment Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long; 8mm wide Model No.: W002814   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
From working out to working outside, grab these do-it-all socks in a handy 6-pack. A touch of spandex in the mix ensures a great fit. full cushioning around entire foot for all-day comfort extra durable reinforced heel and toe wicking helps keep feet cool and dry made with super soft cotton spandex provides better fit and helps sock stay in place comfort toe seam cotton/polyester/natural latex rubber/nylon/spandex washable sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12 imported
This coverlet set features a whimsical floral print in vibrant color for an artistic update to your space. watercolor flower design in shades of yellow and teal with sketched leaves bright yellow on back decorative pillows feature floral design and stitching details to accent the look 4-piece Twin/Twin XL sets include: coverlet sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen sets include: coverlet 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester coverlet with cotton, polyester, rayon and olefin fill; polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: coverlet is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12 Full/Queen: coverlet is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x16 and 16x12
Consolidate all your important desktop items in this elegant polished silver desk organizer.   contains memo pad, ballpoint pen, magnetic clip holder and perpetual calendar/3x5” frame ideal for customization
Symbolic of the way she wraps your heart with love, this heart-shaped ring features two bands of dazzling lab-created white sapphires that hug a gorgeous lab-created amethyst. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: 12mm heart-shaped lab-created amethyst Other Stones: Round lab-created white sapphires Setting: Prong Dimensions: 16.01x13.02mm Gallery Height: 11.29mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our Alfred Dunner pants give you the all-day comfort you want with a style that suits your lifestyle. mid rise elastic waistband straight leg approx. 27½ inseam polyester washable imported
An edgy geometric design in fun colors makes this comforter set a keeper. tribal-inspired geometric design 200-thread-count cotton 3-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams Full/Queen sets include standard shams. King sets include king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton shams. Washable. Imported. Full/Queen: comforter is 88x92; shams are 26x20 King: comforter is 104x92; shams are 36x20
Celebrate original West Coast style in this soft cotton tee from Vans. crewneck short sleeves front and back prints 100% cotton washable imported
Add a hint of bling to your casual collection with our rhinestone-studded sweater's jeweled shoulders. roundneck approx. 25 - 27 front length cotton/rayon machine wash, dry flat imported
Subtle enough for work, but sparkly for evenings out, these eye-catching low-heeled pumps prove that being glamorous can be comfortable. synthetic upper low heel for all-day wear chunky allover glitter round toe rubber outsole
Our lightweight boat shoes are an easy-on, easy-off footwear option for when you're on the go.  technology memory foam sock lining construction synthetic upper rubber sole details moc toe slip on
From working out to working outside, grab these do-it-all socks in a handy 10-pack. A touch of spandex in the mix ensures a great fit. cushioned foot bottom for all-day comfort extra durable reinforced heel and toe made with super soft cotton spandex provides better fit and helps sock stay in place comfort toe seam cotton/polyester/natural latex rubber/nylon/spandex washable sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12 imported  
This block-print cotton sheer panel adds a pop of color and style while letting natural light shine through.   100% cotton for natural appeal easy-to-hang rod-pocket styling light-filtering sheer fabric 3 bottom hem; ½ side hem Sold individually. 3 rod pocket; hang on a rod up to 1½ in diameter. Cotton. Washable. Imported.  
These gold-tone teardrop earrings complete your look with simple sophistication Metal: Silver-tone metalBack: WireDimensions: .4x1.5  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Her cute style is on point with this soft, polka dot and stripes romper. roundneck sleeveless elastic waist faux pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Lace details on the neckline and fashionable dolman sleeves make our Stylus tee a must for casual, warm-weather wear. v-neck short sleeves approx. 26⅝-28 length rayon/polyester washable imported
Add some texture to your bed with this Euro pillow featuring a quilted design in a solid gold color. solid gold colored velvet quilted texture measures 26x26 Sold individually. Cotton/rayon with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Featuring the look of reclaimed wood, this lodge-inspired chest accentuates your bedroom with one-of-a-kind vintage appeal.   solid mahogany construction with mahogany veneers heavily distressed chestnut finish butt-joint joinery 4 storage drawers with side-mounted metal glides felt-lined top drawer replicated hand-forged metal hardware Measures 36Wx18Dx36H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.
Treat your feet with our adidas sandals that slowly massage your feet as you walk to aid in faster foot recovery. technology injected EVA outsole for lightweight comfort construction adjustable synthetic upper rubber sole details slip on quick-dry bandage lining sylish graphic featuring adidas performance mark solid nubs on footbed offer soothing massage effect for quick recovery
Girly lace and a bright-colored belt make this charming dress the perfect go-to look. roundneck sleeveless back button closure tacked neon grosgrain ribbon belt lace: nylon dress: 100% cotton lining: polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
For up to two dozen deviled eggs, or repurposed as a treat tray, this white porcelain egg plate features a timeless look you can use for the holidays for years to come.   24 distinct indentions keep food from slipping off the tray goes great with other JCPenney Home Whiteware pieces perfect for special occasions or everyday use oven, microwave and freezer safe Porcelain. Measures 14¼. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Small but strong, this beautiful wine rack is perfect for serving guests, displaying wine accessories and more. high-quality Chinese fir construction holds up to 25 bottles Wood. Measures 10⅛x21x34H. Assembly required; screwdriver needed. Imported.  
Enjoy twice the style on your patio or deck with our reversible chair cushion that's perfect for a wicker chair. Since it's reversible, you get two looks in one!   available in a variety of modern colors and patterns reversible design 4 thickness for comfort great for any outdoor seating arrangement Sold individually. Polyester. Measures 18x18x4H. Wipe clean with damp cloth. Made in America.
Lull your baby to sleep with our wind-up mobile that features fun aqua and pink plush birds and softly plays Brahm's Lullaby.  24x11 100% cotton polyester fill spot clean only imported
Finish your classy look with our ultra-sharp stripe vest from U.S. Polo. v-neck 5-button closure 2 exterior pockets modern fit 24 length rayon/polyester lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Shimmering metallic brings glitz and glam to our sensible slingback sandals, featuring a strappy design and a modest wedge heel.   polyester upper 1¾ wedge heel adjustable buckle composition leather sole
Your favorite everyday briefs get a touch of charm with pretty lace trim.   nylon washable imported manufacturer’s style #13001
Moisture-wicking polo is rich in Pima cotton for a luxuriously soft shirt that keeps you cool and dry.   Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric flat knit collar 3-button placket tennis tail with taped side vents cotton/polyester washable imported
With a cotton blend and spandex for superior breathability and fit, these socks provide the ultimate in comfort. cotton rich fabric for breathability spandex for superior fit comfort seam at toe for reduced twist non-binding welt for comfort at calf cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12
Gorgeous blue stone flowers create cascading gold-tone chandelier earrings you'll want to add to every look. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Blue acrylic stonesBack: WireDimensions: 3.25x1  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Sterling silver filigree ring adds an element of elegance to your look.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Gallery Height: .01   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Minnie glitters with chic, glamorous style in this Disney® Minnie Mouse watch, featuring sparkling crystal accents, pink mother-of-pearl dial, adjustable bracelet and sweeping seconds hand.   Dial Color: Pink mother-of-pearl Accents: Crystal Bracelet: Pink metal alloy Clasp: Fold-over Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100' Case Width: 1.6 Case Thickness: .375 Strap Dimensions: 8 long, .75 wide Model No.: 56270-1C Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our shorts are made from ultra-comfy cotton and feature a cutoff bottom hem for a distressed look. button and zipper closure 5-pocket styling 3½ inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Arizona jeans in our just-right original fit, are comfortable and look great too.   sits below waist straight fit through seat and thigh 5-pocket style straight leg cotton washable imported extended sizes and washes available online only
Our pants from St. John's Bay have that classic linen look and feel that will take you to the beach and back. classic fit zip fly with button closure and drawstring misses: 31½ inseam  tall: 34½ inseam linen/rayon washable imported
Offering light control, these slimming control briefs are functional and fashionable.   slimming nylon/spandex washable imported
With button tab sleeves and a high-low hem, our woven top will add style and versatility to your look no matter how dressy or casual you decide to go. v-neck 29 front, 30¼ back length polyester washable imported
Indulge yourself with the luxurious Royal Velvet Silk Touch plush blanket.   silk touch plush offers cozy warmth easy-care polyester Polyester. Washable.  Imported. Twin: 66x90  (also fits Twin XL) Full/Queen: 90x90 King: 108x90 (also fits Cal. King)
These hand-sewn, upholstered Rhonda II headboards offer you unbeatable style.   pine, plywood and steel alloy frame slipcovered in your choice of elegant faux-silk shantung fabric classic button-tufted finishing easily attaches to any standard bed frame filled with polyfoam and Dacron® foam padding adjustable legs from 0-3 to allow for various mattress heights black metal legs Upholstery is cotton/polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Assembly required. Made in America of imported and domestic materials. Twin: 41Wx4Dx51H Full: 55Wx4Dx51H King: 80Wx4Dx51H Cal. King: 74Wx4Dx51H 
With 90-degree Independent Heat Tilt Support and innovative Whisper Quiet 6-level Massage System, this adjustable base frame is the ultimate in a relaxing sleep every night.•    8 tapered 3-in-1 wooden leg with headboard brackets•    gray uptown shadow ticking finish•    Zero G® Preset Position allows one-touch button leg raising•    adjustable head section and neck positions•    2 preset positions with re-programmability•    app with integrated Bluetooth technology•    charge 2 smart devices at the underside of head section•    magnetic remote control for easy access use•    lights installed under bed create a relaxing atmosphere•    Velcro® mattress retainer system, no retainer bar required•    synchronize button activated the head and foot massage•    convenient timer runs for 10, 20 or 30 minute intervals•    wireless motion-sensitive backlit remote•    supports a maximum weight of 850 lbs.•    mattress sold separately•    twin xl: 79.5x37.5x7.5H•    queen: 79.5x59.5x7.5H•    king: 79.5x37.5x7.5H•    cal. king: 83.5x35.5x7.5H•    made in America  
Use this 7-quart Dutch oven for cooking large quantities. Simmer all-day sauces or make a hearty stew. The hard-anodized construction is nonstick and it includes a tempered glass lid. dual-layer hard-anodized aluminum for easy food release and cleanup nonstick cast stainless steel stay-cool handles tempered glass lid oven safe up to 450ºF hard-anodized aluminum/stainless steel/glass hand wash imported
Bold and chic, this empire-waist swimdress will complement your curves and have you beach-ready in no time. tank straps built-in soft cups partially lined nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported
Add a dash of distinction to your formal looks with this gray weave suit vest from Collection by Michael Strahan. only at JCPenney big and tall fit 5-button front 2 small exterior pockets shell: wool/polyester lining: polyester dry clean only imported
What it is:An ultra-creamy body exfoliator powered by pure, crushed vanilla beans. What it is formulated to do:The vanilla bean has been used for years to protect, condition, and repair the skin. The essences of this plant are rich in polyketones and polyphenols that work together to deliver youthful-looking skin texture and powerful antioxidant and anti-inflammatory activity. This ultra-creamy, non-greasy body scrub is formulated with crushed Madagascar vanilla beans blended with whipped shea butter and five nourishing essential oils. It whisks away dry, sdead skin cells—revealing soft, hydrated, glowing skin. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know:This product is free of harsh chemicals and powered by the purity of natural ingredients. Suggested Usage:-Gently massage into wet skin and rinse off with warm water.Size:7.5 oz
Active days call for the sporty style of this mesh football tee from Xersion. v-neck short sleeves mesh yoke pink: polyester other colors: cotton/polyester washable imported
Constructed with lightweight, moisture-wicking fabric, these Nike shorts are ready to compete with game-changing comfort and a premium fit. dri-FIT fabric for moisture management allover sublimated print side seam pockets polyester washable imported
A sweetheart neckline, spaghetti straps, crochet insert, illusion waist and flowing skirt give our dress a look that's full of feminine charm. sweetheart neckline sleeveless crochet inset illusion waist zipper on back 34 length rayon/polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Earn major style points with the refined look and bold stripes of our shantung fit-and-flare dress. back exposed zipper ribbon bow belt 37½ length from shoulder shantung polyester lined machine wash, line dry imported
Show your patriotic side with our ringer tee, featuring contrasting bands at the neck and sleeves.  scoopneck short sleeves 21¾ length tee: polyester/cotton contrast: polyester/rayon machine wash, line dry imported
For that special person who puts the twinkle in your eye, this sterling silver pendant features a cutout heart filled with stars and a moon. The outer edge is engraved with I love you to the moon and back. Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long forzatina chain Pendant Size: .61x.70 long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Dress it up or wear it casual, our short-sleeve blouse will give you just the right amount of pretty for your everyday wardrobe. roundneck short kimono sleeves approx. 23 length polyester washable imported
Featuring a great fit and style, this sporty swimsuit from Nike is a must-have addition to her swimwear collection. nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Give him an active shoe for his active lifestyle with our lightweight, breathable running shoes and their soft, flexible design. technology solid rubber cupsole is flexible and durable construction synthetic/mesh upper rubber sole details self-adhesive closure internal forefoot bootie gives a secure fit and support solid rubber pods on sole add traction and durability
This decorative pillow features sweet details with gorgeous swans for fun night-time play. interactive design with 2 swans that can be placed anywhere polyester felt with polyester fill spot clean measures 18x12 imported
Print side panels add feminine shaping to our racerback tankini swim top. removable cups tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
This microfiber quilt set features a geometric design with bright pops of aqua to bring your room to life.   adds a modern look to your space coordinating aqua shams decorative pillows with a hexagon design 4-piece Twin/Twin XL set includes: quilt sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece Full/Queen set includes: quilt 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Twin/Twin XL and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). Polyester quilt with cotton fill; polyester shams; polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: quilt is 68x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x12 and 16x16 Full/Queen: quilt is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 16x12 and 16x16
A sleek design with sensuous curves and a shocking yellow paint scheme make this electric guitar a rock natural. The bolt-on neck delivers a fast attack and rugged durability as well as thick tone. mahogany body fluorescent yellow paint scheme bolt-on neck 2 humbuckers 25½ scale wood/metal alloy 36x17x4 imported
Classic, casual denim in the most comfortable pull-on style.   elastic waist relaxed fit cotton/spandex washable imported petite: 28 inseam petite short: 26½ inseam Can't find your size range? Enter Petite, Tall or Plus in our search box for a greater size selection.
Solid black tee with white stripes on sleeves.  Has no graphic. short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Say goodbye to slipping on the trail with these comfortable boots and their high-traction design. technology Flexa-stride memory foam insole construction synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up padded tongue and collar
Our Xersion wrap sunglasses are a perfect fit for your active, outdoor needs. UV protection polarized lenses plastic
Enjoy the full and robust flavor of percolator coffee plus elegant serving in the same compact design. The attractive stainless steel construction with rolled edges and a cool-touch handle offers easy serving at any location, so you don’t have to keep going back to the kitchen to refill your coffee. stainless steel body for added durability cool-touch handle, lid knob and base for security rolled edges provide easy handling as you pour automatic keep-warm mode 1000 watts of power detachable power cord 4-cup capacity metal/plastic 7.37x7.37x9.62H hand wash
Made from extremely soft authentic denim, our mid rise skinny jeans from Lee will make any day more comfortable. skinny fit mid rise 16½ leg opening button-and-zip fly 30 inseam denim: cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex black: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Strut your stuff in this cool block palm tank from Nike. regular fit crewneck sleeveless 100% cotton washable imported
The perfect mix of style and practicality this stainless steel watch from Seiko features a hinged crystal face that opens to allow access to raised braille markers.   Brand: Seiko Dial Color: white Strap: Black leather Clasp: Push-button release clasp Movement: Quartz Water Resistant: 50m Case Width: 37mm Case Thickness: 12mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long, 18mm wide Model No: S23159 Special Features: stainless steel timepiece with leather strap, hinged crystal face opens to allow access to raised markers Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
These thick-stitch skinny jeans effortlessly match her favorite tees and tops while giving her irresistible comfort. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling lightscape: cotton/polyester/spandex white: cotton/spandex washable imported
Featuring premium, all-cotton construction, these Fruit of the Loom crewneck tees boast all-day comfort that lasts. package of 3 pairs crewneck short sleeves regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
Love the way you look and feel when you wear our cap-sleeve, scroll-print sheath dress, which is easily paired with your favorite accessories to create a look that no one can ignore.  roundneck back zip 40 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported  
With a crochet yoke and a double layer sharkbite hem, our sleeveless crochet top will give you a cool, current vibe. scoopneck sleeveless 29 length rayon/polyester hand wash, line dry imported
This ultra-soft owl plush is the perfect snuggle companion for your bundle of joy. makes chiming noises when rocked polyester spot clean imported
Spice up your morning with some Latin-inspired flavor with each sip you take from these festive coffee cups embellished with a hand-painted design.   mugs feature a similar pattern with different colors microwave safe 18-ounce capacity set of 4 Earthenware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
He'll be ready to play all day in his Pooh and Tigger tee from Disney. 100% cotton washable imported
Look your absolute best in the flattering fit of our fit-and-flare dress with its exciting lace stripe pattern.   roundneck sleeveless exposed back zipper approx. 37 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Featuring mesh side panels, Dri-FIT technology and built-in briefs for optimal airflow and comfort, these Nike running shorts are perfect for her active lifestyle. stretch waistband with interior drawstring contrast panels and trim lined polyester washable imported
Captain America lends his mighty shield to helping kids learn how to tell time. This easy-read character watch features highlighted hour and minute numbers and a kid-friendly hook-and-loop closure strap.   Dial Color: Character print Strap: Black nylon Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 7mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7” long, 16mm wide Model No.: W000140 Special Features: Captain America character print dial on white background, black nylon strap with hook-and-loop fastening, easy to read hour and minute tracks, 3 ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These signature two-tone shades blend classic tortoise pattern with a fun pop of aqua. 100% UV protection plastic
Our basic leggings are the perfect answer for all of your get-up-and-go days. 30 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Seiko® women’s solar watch easily transitions from office to evening, with a diamond-accented bezel and versatile styling that keeps it classic, yet current. Also features a lustrous mother-of-pearl dial, gold-tone stainless steel bracelet, date window and sweeping second hand. Powered by light (natural or artificial) for a free and limitless power supply.   Brand: Seiko® Dial: Mother-of-pearl Stones: Diamond accents Bracelet: Gold-tone stainless steel Clasp: Push-button release Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 165' Case Width: 27mm Case Thickness: 7.8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7 1/2 long, 15mm wide Model No.: SUT070 Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.  
Durability and style come together in these socks by Gold Toe featuring a reinforced toe and a contemporary design. reinforced toe for durability comfort toe seams contemporary styling cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 9-12½ 
Rival the sun with your own sparkle. Rhinestone-embellished floppy hat puts glitz in your day. straw spot clean imported  
What it is:A multitasking CC formula that provides 10 nail treatment benefits and immediate nail-perfecting coverage in one.What it does:This CC nail treatment is formulated with a special hydrating complex infused with panthenol, which helps to moisturize, strengthen, and protect the look of nails while treatment correctors assist with concealing imperfections, brightening, priming, and filling in ridges for a smooth and matte, flawless-looking finish with improved wear. This multipurpose polish can be used as a base coat with one coat, or apply two coats for a matte, modern look.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- SulfatesWhat else you need to know:This product is a five-free formulation and is not tested on animals. It does not contain formaldehyde, formaldehyde resin, toluene, dbp (dibutyl phthlate), or camphor.Deborah was inspired by the continuing success of BBs and CC creams in the beauty world. She believes that nails are like skin and must tended to with the same care. This product offers what her brand excels at: catwalk inspired colors and cutting-edge care.Suggested Usage:-Apply one thin coat to bare nails and then apply two coats of lacquer. -Apply two or more coats to use alone for a modern, matte look. Precautions:-Warning: flammable. Avoid heat or flame.Ingredients​Ethyl Acetate, Butyl Acetate, Isopropyl Alcohol, Adipic Acid/Neopentyl Glycol/Trimellitic Anhydride Copolymer, Nitrocellulose, Talc, Triphenyl Phosphate, Cellulose, Hydrated Silica, Trimethyl Pentanyl Diisobutyrate, Stearalkonium Bentonite, Tosylamide/Epoxy Resin, Benzophenone-1, Diacetone Alcohol, Citric Acid, Sucrose Acetate Isobutyrate, Dimethicone, Biotin, Water/Aqua/Eau, Camellia Oleifera Leaf Extract, Caprylic/Capric/Succinic Triglyceride, Aucoumea Klaineana Resin Extract, Saccharide Isomerate, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Butylene Glycol, Macrocystis Pyrifera Extract, Beta-Carotene, Retinyl Palmitate, Ascorbic Acid, Tocopheryl Acetate, Panthenol, Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491), Yellow 5 Lake (CI 19140).
Our padded, lightweight storage bench doubles as both a comfortable place to sit or relax your feet, as well as spacious organization to keep your personal items. suede-like feel and look for a soft textured accent piece fully-padded cushioned lid lift-off top provides open access to storage folds up to transport or put away when necessary 30x15x15H polyester wipe clean with damp cloth imported
KitchenAid's 5-quart accessory bowl is lightweight and remarkably practical for mixing your favorite confections.   clean, simple design made of stainless steel for durability use with a stand mixer to make multiple batches without constantly switching bowls Stainless steel. Hand wash or dish washer-safe. Measures approximately 10x9x8. Weighs approximately 2 lbs. Imported.  
Your date won't be able to take his eyes off of you in our stunning illusion-neck dress with embellishments and two-tone styling. built-in bra side zip 62 length from shoulder polyester/spandex lined spot clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Keep your style up to speed when you’re on the go in this no-wrinkle, mini-plaid shirt, featuring a touch of spandex for easy stretch. no-wrinkle fabric button-down collar button front long sleeves left chest patch pocket with logo embroidery 70% cotton/27% nylon/3% spandex washable imported
With our adorable Disney Frozen Elsa nightshirt your little one can take her favorite character to bed for wonderful nighttime adventures.   flower at neckline princess sleeve with ruffle bottom ruffle polyester washable imported
Fit to flatter, our hipster-cut swim bottoms feature a chic tie-dye print and adjustable side ties for a style that’s all you. fully lined nylon/elastane hand wash, line imported
Our Xersion quarter-zip top is perfect for throwing on after a workout when it's brisk outside. long sleeves quarter zip regular fit polyester washable imported
Create cookies that look as good as they taste with the Cake Boss 12-cup molded braid cookie pan. This special, nonstick cookie pan features 12 compartments that are each molded in an appealing braid shape for tarelle cookies that look like the Boss’s, as well as tasty vanilla and butter cookies and more.   heavy-duty carbon steel construction rolled rims provide added strength and resist warping long-lasting, nonstick coating on the interior and exterior helps baked goods release effortlessly and makes cleanup a breeze oven safe to 450°F Carbon steel. Hand wash. Imported.  
The intricate latticework design of these placemats offers a modern backdrop to casual and formal place settings.   easy-care, woven polyester/cotton blend graphic lattice design pairs beautifully with other prints, colors and decor perfect for everyday use or formal entertaining coordinating napkins, tablecloths and table runner sold separately set of 4 Polyester/cotton. Each placemat measures 13x19. Washable. Imported.
Shimmer the night away in the beautifully embellished bodice of our long knit dress with a sweetheart neckline. back zip 52 length polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place
Three gorgeous mother of pearl balls on the column of this iridescent floor lamp brighten your room with subtle sophistication. white faux-silk fabric hardback drum shade brushed nickel base on/off twist switch Metal. Measures 61½H. Polyester/cotton shade is 10H with a 14 bottom diameter and 14 top diameter. Uses one 100W type “A” bulb, max., not included. Assembly required. Imported. CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: In order to successfully complete your transaction, you must select the Table Lamp with CFL Bulb option. A Title 20-compliant lamp will be shipped to the state of California and include a CFL bulb.
Stay stylishly warm in this henley, featuring an all-cotton fabric that’s been brushed for extra softness. big and tall fit 3-button placket long sleeves dark charcoal: cotton/polyester all other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
Double your dazzle with this contemporary wedding band that showcases two rows of round, prong-set diamonds. You’ll enjoy the subtle shimmer, along with the rounded, comfort fit interior that promotes easy slide. Designed with a rounded comfort fit interior that slides on easily and avoids pinching. Engrave inside of the band and make it truly personal.Metal: Tungsten carbideStones: 1/8 ct. t.w. round diamondsSetting: ProngDimensions: 8mm widePersonalize: Up to 25 characters (including spaces) in Script MT Bold fontDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
This metallic studded belt will bring shine to your look with its rhinestones and studs. •    polyurethane •    metal buckle•    imported
Introducing your go-to hoodie for hanging around the house or casual styling when you're out and about. hood with drawstring zip front rib-knit cuffs and hem kangaroo pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
The next evolution of athletic walking comes in the Skechers GOwalk 3 - Crazed. Featuring GOga Plus technology with high-rebound cushioning, and designed with Skechers Performance technology and materials, these slip-on sneakers are perfect for your needs.   technology GOga Plus technology Skechers Memory Form Fit design with memory foam padding around heel for a custom-feel fit independent GOimpulse and integrated GO Pillar sensors impact-absorption technology synthetic stabilizing heel panel construction textile and synthetic upper EVA sole details slip-on radically lightweight
Our adidas basketball shoes are dedicated to keeping the defense a step behind to give your little ones the advantage they want.     technology ADIPRENE® lightweight cushioned ride Ortholite sockliner adds moisture management and long-lasting cushioning with antimicrobial agent construction synthetic leather upper with perforated underlays non-marking rubber sole with camo print details lightweight upper
Elevate your work-to-weekend style with these wedge pumps that you'll want to wear again and again. synthetic upper 3 stacked wedge heel rubber sole
Look slimmer in an instant in our Trimshaper knit swimsuit, designed to shape and control comfortably so you feel confident in and out of the water. adjustable straps soft cups shirred tummy control partially lined tricot knit drape: nylon/spandex bottom front/back: spandex/nylon hand wash line dry imported
Get your beauty sleep with this 4 flat topper featuring gel memory foam that absorbs pressure and channels heat away to prevent sleep disturbances by keeping you cool.   temperature-sensitive foam adjusts to your body temperaure draws uncomfortable warm air away from the body eliminates motion transfer and uncomfortable pressure points disperses body weight evenly helps rejuvenate tired muscles and eases back pain meets all flamability standards Polyurethane foam. Spot clean. Made in America. Twin topper: 38x74x4 Full topper: 53x74x4 Queen topper: 59x79x4 King topper: 75x79x4 Cal. King topper: 71x83x4 Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
There's no way she'll leave behind one of these glittery Cinderella costume shoes, featuring a beautiful cameo and 3D bows. glitter details heart-shaped Cinderella cameo organza and silk bows contrasting foil trim satin footbed synthetic upper urethane sole 3/4 wedge heel
Add this striped wicker double cushion to your patio seating for extra comfort and a burst of color. It's fade resistant and water repellant, making it the perfect outdoor update. fade resistant water repellant polyester with polyester fill spot clean 42x19x5 finished and filled in America with imported materials
Symbolic of the way she wraps your heart with love, this heart pendant features two bands of dazzling lab-created white sapphires that hug a gorgeous lab-created amethyst.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stone: 14mm heart-shaped lab-created amethyst Other Stones: Round lab-created white sapphires Setting: Prong Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long rope chain Pendant Size: 17.31x20.3mm long Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Head outside in our tank top, featuring a racerback style and a colorful print for the perfect warm-weather look. roundneck racerback 25 ¼-30 ¼ length solid: polyester/rayon print: polyester washable imported
Enjoy go-anywhere style and no-iron convenience with these versatile pants from Haggar.   straight fit sits slightly below waist standard rise wrinkle-resistant, no-iron fabric flat front zip front with button closure straight through the seat and thigh hidden expandable waistband expands up to 3 for maximum comfort 2 front off-seam pockets 2 back button-through welt pockets straight leg cotton washable imported
Make any look your own when you pair a favorite top with the versatile style and comfortable feel of our bootcut jeans.   juniors petite: 29½ inseam juniors long: 34½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our tiered A-line dress is perfect for adding a cute cardigan, letting your hair down and hitting the town with your favorite girls. u-neck sleeveless 47¼ length from shoulder lined polyester dry clean only imported
Make smoothies, shakes and sauces with ease with the Cusinart ReMix 6.0 blender. high-performance 600-watt motor 48-ounce BPA-free Tritan plastic jar low, high, pulse and ice crush controls electronic touchpad controls with LED indicators tight-seal lid with 2-ounce measuring cap patented stainless steel blade sturdy plastic base with logo badge 600 watts. Plastic. Measures 7.62x10x13.62H. Removable parts are dishwasher safe; wipe blender clean. Imported.  
Your style will be out of this world with our star print woven shirt.  point collar button front short sleeves 2 front pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Braided leather and a buckle accent give these sandals fun detail and comfort you can live in. suede leather upper contoured footbed EVA sole
Bring an artisanal, vintage aesthetic to your home bar and create fantastic cocktails for every occasion with this sleek shaker. sturdy stainless steel construction hand-crafted, etched copper finish leak-proof lid and cap 24-ounce capacity Stainless steel. Hand wash. Imported.
Give them the power of the force with this sheet set featuring a reversible look for added fun. reversible pillowcase for two versatile looks  soft microfiber fabric fits mattresses up to 10 deep Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase(s) Twin set includes one standard pillowcase. Full set includes two standard pillowcases. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 30x20 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20  
Add eclectic pops of color with these colorful silver-tone button earrings. Metal: Silver-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: .5x1.75 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With just the right touch of bling, our women's watch features a classic dial framed in sparkling crystals. A supple brown leather strap completes the look. Brand: Relic® Dial Color: Gold-tone Accents: Clear crystals Strap: Brown leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 38mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7 long; 18mm wide Model No.: ZR15830 Special Features: 3 multifunction sub dials (24 hour, day, dual time)   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Nike Downshifter 6 running shoes are your perfect companion for daily training, offering a potent combination of durability, breathability and cushioning.   technology articulated full-length Phylon midsole provides lightweight, resilient cushioning construction mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole enhances traction and durability details lace up synthetic overlays provide great lockdown deep flex grooves provide natural transition  
Instantly change up your look with our fully adjustable reversible belt, featuring white on one side and brown on the other.   1.5” wide vinyl imported
Bring home the romance of Tuscany with these rugs and finish your space with a flourish.   intricately hand-carved, high/low pile adds textural interest contemporary color palette durable fibers for long-lasting enjoyment Polypropylene/acrylic. Spot clean spills; professionally clean. 6mm pile height. Rug pad recommended. Imported.  
These Fairisle knit flip gloves insulate against heat loss and help keep the chilly air out.   100% acrylic gray knit, fingerless gloves button-back, flip-cover mitten sherpa polyester fleece lining washable imported
The seam details on our high-waist sateen skirt create a modern, polished look. high waist back zip and back vent 23 length cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported
Contrast piping boldy frames our v-neck stretch-knit top for a fresh, athletic finish. approx. 27⅛ - 29 front length polyester/spandex washable imported
Our X-Treme comfort shorts feature an athletic waist and mesh pocketing with stretch twill and a relaxed fit.  button and zip fly athletic mesh pocketing with 2 front and 2 back pockets flat front relaxed fit 10 inseam cotton/spandex washable importd
Our cute and comfy Puma Saba is a sportier take on the casual ballet flat, with a functional yet fashionable motorsport-inspired styling.   technology breathable and anti-microbial Eco-Ortholite® footbed for fit and cushioning Patent toe cap construction mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole details slip on removable sock lining buckle detail open mesh quarter panels for optimal breathability
Opaque rhinestones and beads on our T-strap sandals take your footwear from casual to chic. polyurethane low, flat heel polyurethane sole spot clean imported
Work out in our shorts, featuring an elastic waist and Champion Vapor moisture-wicking fabric to keep you cool and dry.  elastic waist with drawstring 2 pockets flat front Champion Vapor moisture-wicking fabric 11 inseam polyester washable imported
Printed chiffon makes our sleeveless sharkbite-hem dress striking and beautiful. v-neck 45 length from shoulder lined polyester washable imported
Metallic dusted details and black embossed calfskin accents punch up this leather tote by Adrienne Landau. double top handles, 5½” drop top zip closure leather/calf hair; cotton twill lining interior zip and slip pockets removable adjustable strap brushed nickel logo plate and hardware white lambskin leather accented with black embossed calfskin dusted with silver metallic highlights and white calf hair detailing 13Hx9½Wx5”D imported
Accent your cozy room with this soft and comforting decorative pillow. reversible ½ flat flange trim measures 18x18 Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Finish off any skirt or dress and keep her legs warm with these capri leggings.   elastic waist cotton/spandex washable imported
Say good-bye to traditional and slip on this unique bypass ring. 14K yellow gold over sterling silver pairs beautifully with sterling silver and ¼ ct. t.w. diamonds, lending a luxe look that's sure to get you noticed.Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver and 14K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: ¼ ct. t.w. round and tapered baguette diamondsSetting: Nick and channelGallery Height: 4mm highDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
It's raining good taste when you wear this coral and red stone shower necklace. Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Epoxy stones Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 17 long snake chain with 2 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Experience a restful sleep like no other with our firm hybrid mattress that features the unique benefits of our EverFeel® Triple Effects™ Gel Memory Foam comfort.•    quilt layer: FireBlocker Fiber, Pillo-Fill®, ½ PillowSoft® Foam, ½ support foam•    comfort layers: 1 Serta Support Foam, ½ EverFeel® Triple Effects™ Gel Memory Foam•    support system: 952 Duet® Edge individually wrapped coil support system with Best Edge® Foam Encasement•    remains comfortable regardless of temperature or humidity•    helps relieve pressure points for relaxation•    provides added support to help body alignment•    ensures an allover stable sleeping surface•    twin: 74.5x38x10.5H; 519 coil count•    twin xl: 79.5x38x10.5H; 519 coil count•    full: 74.5x53x10.5H; 722 coil count•    queen: 79.5x60x10.5H; 952 coil count•    king: 79.5x76x10.5H; 1200 coil count•    cal. king: 83.5x72x10.5H; 1143 coil count•    split cal. king: 83.5x36x10.5H; 1143 coil count•    made in AmericaIncludes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring also available.You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer.  
A bold tie will take your dressed-up look to another level—so maximize that effect with this classic silk tie from Stafford.   3⅜ wide extra long silk spot clean imported
Dazzling deep red stones make this two-pair crystal earring set truly spectacular.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Crystals Back: Post   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Make your summer dresses work for you year round by throwing on this pair of heather leggings. solid 2½ wide waistband cotton/polyester/spandex imported
This sublimated tee from Eighty Eight provides a bolder way to sport a floral print. crewneck short sleeves polyester/spandex washable made in America
Treat her—or yourself—like royalty with our silver-plated crown ring featuring Live Like a Princess inscription on the inside. Metal: Silver-plated brassGallery Height: 1.7mmBand Width: 5.2mmSize: 4 only Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This comforter set features a textured origami-inspired look in a solid color that adds dimension to your bedroom. unique origami-inspired pleating in soft blue cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton shams washable full/queen comforter: 86x90 cal. king comforter: 108x90 imported 3-piece sets include: duvet cover 2 shams Full/queen sets include standard shams. Cal. king sets include king shams.
Covered in eye-catching orange and cream medallion, our transitional designed accent chair complements any space with its classic flared arms and shaped back. solid mixed hardwood and wood construction corner-blocked and nailed joinery warm espresso finish on legs for a modern style individually wrapped pocket coils and no-sag spring system handy lock easy-connect assembly system that involves simple slide and click installation in minutes 32.5Wx29.5Dx36x5H seat measures 19.5Hx20D; 37 back height assembly required linen/polyester/viscose; polyester fiber and foam fill spot clean with mild detergent imported
An all-American graphic print adds pride-inducing charm to this comfy, easy-match tank. roundneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Get ready for warm weather in our bandeau, with ruching at the top hem for an extra feminine touch. cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
From reading time to recess, these French Toast flat-front uniform shorts feature a cool, casual fit perfect for wherever the day takes him.   adjustable waist flat front wrinkle free cotton/polyester machine wash imported
With a diamond accent and two-tone stainless steel detailing, this cross pendant highlights his faith as well as his masculine fashion sense. Metal: Two-tone stainless steel Stones: Diamond accents Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 24 long curb chain Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
From playtime to downtime, these brushed French terry pants are an easy choice for comfort and style. brushed French terry construction inseam pockets ribbed waist and cuffs elastic waist cotton/polyester washable imported
She'll love the way she looks and feels in these skimmers, which are perfect for her next trip to the beach. ribbed knit waistband with faux drawstring 2 back faux flap pockets 2 pork chop pockets 1 coin pocket elasticated leg opening relaxed fit 14 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
In our take-notice top with an unexpected zipper accent on the yoke, quilted has never looked so cool. approx. 23 - 25 length polyester/rayon/spandex polyester fiberfill washable imported
What it is:An antiaging, hydrating lip treatment.What it does:Peter Thomas Roth Un-Wrinkle® Lip visibly reduces the appearance of lines on the lips and around the lip area. It has an exclusive patent-pending blend of eight powerful, 100% active antiaging peptides and neuropeptides that help to enhance lip moisture, increase lip volume, and improve the definition of the lip line. Lips are left fuller, smoother, and more youthful looking.What else you need to know:This product is formulated with a high concentration of peptides for maximum results. The total neuropeptides and peptides is 24 percent. Suggested Usage:-Apply a thin layer to clean lips and around lip contour in AM and PM. May be used alone or under lipstick or lip gloss.-For best results, use twice daily for 28 days and with continued use.Precautions:-For external use only. Size0.25 oz Ingredients​-SYN®-AKE at 4%: Relaxes the appearance of wrinkles and expression lines.-SNAP-8 at 10%: Reduces the look of deep wrinkles.-SYN®-COLL at 3%: Supports natural production of collagen.-ARGIRELINE® at 3%: Relaxes the appearance of wrinkles and expression lines.-Matrixyl 3000 (a dual peptide) at 3%: Softens and smooths skin.-SYN®-TACKS at 1%: Supports natural production of collagen and helps skin look firmer.Water, Glycerin, Sorbitol, Butylene Glycol, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Polyethylene, Cyclomethicone, Squalane, Peg-8 Beeswax, Neopentyl Glycol Dicaprate, Cetyl Alcohol, Glyceryl Stearate, Peg-12 Dimethicone, Acetyl Octapeptide-3, Acetyl Hexapeptide-8, Palmitoyl Tripeptide-5, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Dipeptide Diaminobutyroyl Benzylamide Diacetate, Palmitoyl Dipeptide-5 Diaminobutyloyl Hydroxythreonine, Palmitoyl Dipeptide-6 Diaminohydroxybutyrate, Tripeptide-29, Hyaluronic Acid, Sodium Hyaluronate, Magnesium Ascorbyl Phosphate (Vitamin C), Tocopherol (Vitamin E), Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Glycine Soja (Soybean) Seed Extract, Yeast Extract, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Algae Extract, Aesculus Hippocastanum (Horse Chestnut) Seed Extract, Lactobacillus/Capsicum Frutescens Fruit Extract, Mentha Piperita (Peppermint) Leaf Extract, Flavor (Aroma), Yeast Polysaccharides, Phospholipids, Sodium Chondroitin Sulfate, Tribehenin, Sorbitan Isostearate, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Xanthan Gum, Steareth-21, Behenyl Alcohol, Dimethicone, Vp/Eicosene Copolymer, Stearyl Alcohol, C13-14 Isoparaffin, Polyacrylamide, Laureth-7, Hydrogenated Soybean Oil, Sodium Saccharin, Polysorbate 20, Carbomer, Potassium Sorbate, Caprylyl Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Methylparaben, Butylparaben, Ethylparaben, Propylparaben, Isobutylparaben.
This safe and sturdy toddler/daybed guard rail kit provides you peace of mind as your little one makes the move to a big kid bed. unassembled 54x.1x13¾               solid pine imported
Keep your look casual yet polished in our slub jersey knit v-neck T-shirt. side slits lightweight relaxed fit, cut generously through the body jersey knit black and white: cotton/modal/spandex all others: cotton washable imported plus: approx. 28½ - 29¾ front length extended: approx. 30 - 30¼ front length
For that simple yet stylish look, our denim shorts are exactly what you want. low rise straight leg zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 5½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Mix and match between these unique yet classic style earrings depending on your mood or outfit. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Clear glass stonesBacking: WireDimensions: 21x59x15mm
The colorful stripes and laidback ease of this long-sleeve raglan tee easily match jeans and shorts for a variety of looks. crewneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Our bootcut pants are designed with the modern mom's style needs in mind.  skinny legs front pockets 32 inseam cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Back: Post Dimensions: 0.4x0.4   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Classic and comfortable, our canvas Milton skate shoes from Vans will take your casual look to an all-new level. canvas/cotton upper lace up vulcanized rubber sole
The fun lattice cutout sleeves and flattering banded hem makes this dolman top a trend-worthy style. scoopneck short sleeves 26 length polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Great for hugging, napping or TV time, this soft pillow buddy lets him cuddle up with his favorite Paw Patrol character. 11x3x15 polyester spot clean imported
Simple and fun, you'll enjoy our 3-hole bean bag toss game for years. includes 2 targets and 6 bean bags compact folding design targets measure 24x18 medium-density fiberboard wipe clean imported
Embrace casual styling and enjoy your laid-back days wearing these classic, comfortable lace-up shoes. construction fabric/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up
You'll be ready for beach living any time of year in our comfortable printed camp shirt.  flat collar short sleeves left chest pocket rayon washable imported
Made for her but designed like his, our roll-cuff boyfriend jeans feature a flattering fit you'll love with a relaxed, destructed styling. button-and-zip fly closure contoured waistband 5-pocket styling misses: 26½ inseam tall: 29 inseam cotton/elastane washable imported
The fun flowy fit and cute bow back make for a perfect warm-weather outfit for play, school or relaxing at home. roundneck sleeveless allover stripe print cross back polyester/spandex lining: polyester washable imported
A soft and floating fit makes our dolman-sleeve top a pretty addition to your work and play wardrobe. scoopneck dolman sleeves bias stripe banded bottom polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Different textures combine to create a striking design in this men's tungsten wedding band. With two grooves, this band sports satin and high-polish finishes. Designed with a rounded comfort fit interior that slides on easily and avoids pinching. Engrave inside of band with names, a date or sweet sentiment and make it truly personal.Metal: Tungsten carbideDimensions: 9mm widePersonalize: Up to 25 characters (including spaces) in Script MT Bold fontJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Practice your red carpet walk when stepping out in this glamorous ¼ ct. t.w diamond jewelry set. Crafted in a shiny two-tone setting, this elegant three-piece set includes a necklace, ring and earrings. Attractively boxed for easy gift-giving.   Metal: 14K yellow gold over brass and pure silver over brass Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. diamonds Setting: Prong and channel Necklace Closure: Lobster clasp Necklace Length: 18 Earring Back: Omega Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.  
Arizona boys' straight-leg jeans are rugged denim pants with trademark Arizona style.   5-pocket design adjustable waist straight leg cotton denim washable imported
The Wahl Pet Pro grooming kit has everything you need to groom your pet. The Powerdrive cutting system easily cuts the thickest hair and is specially designed for animals. self-sharpening, high-carbon steel blades are precision ground to stay sharp longer specially designed to cut animal hair comes with a mirror so you can show your pet how great they look cord storage Includes: clipper blade guard trimmer blade guard storage case oil cleaning brush scissors medium comb mirror 6 guide combs: 1/8, 1/4, 3/8, 1/2, 3/4 1 instructional DVD AC. Plastic/metal. Measures 9.38x3.13x9.88H. Wipe clean. Imported. 
A perfect fit with shorts or a skirt for a cute, casual look, this printed tank top is warm weather certified. cotton/spandex washable imported
Easygoing canvas and rope-look laces offer great style to these shoes that are perfect for every stylish guy. canvas upper lace up EVA sole
These richly textured curtain panels feature high-end style with a glamorous jacquard scroll pattern and essential fabric lining. Pair with the Delano comforter set and accessories for a complete room.   jacquard panels in a coordinating floral scroll design tiebacks included rod-pocket styling with a tailored finish Measures 82x84L. Panels are sold in pairs; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Valance sold separately. Hang on a rod up to 3 in diameter. Polyester. Dry clean. Imported.
Classic high-cut panties keep you comfortably covered throughout the day.   nylon/spandex washable imported manufacturer's style #13108
Cute from head to toe, these tulle-accented socks are a sweet addition. cotton washable imported
This wrinkle-free dress shirt from Stafford is a perennial classic that matches well with everything from denim to dress trousers. wrinkle-free easy-care performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering button-down collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Performance meets cordless convenience with the Shark Navigator Freestyle cordless stick vacuum. With strong suction power and extended run times, the Freestyle offers superior cleaning on both bare floors and carpet.   powerful motorized brush easily lifts embedded pet hair and ground-in dirt swivel steering and extended-reach nozzle mean ultra-maneuverability around and under furniture cordless convenience lets you clean wherever a mess is made 2 speed settings optimized for carpets and bare floors extra-large, easy-to-empty dust cup precision charger charges in as little as 4 hours lightweight at only 7½ lbs. Metal/plastic. Measures 10½x9½x24H. Imported.  
Take time to enjoy this coffee-inspired wedge rug—it's the perfect blend of fun and function with assorted mugs on a red background framed by a whimsical border.   easy-care, washable design is ideal in a kitchen, mudroom or laundry room hand-carved pile for added dimension hand-hooked construction highly durable polyester 0.4 pile height; 0.5 overall thickness measures 19x32 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Cotton/polyester Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: No Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean. Machine wash; drip or line dry. Origin: Imported  
Look and feel great in Lee Style Up pull-on ponte pants. They're designed without zippers or buttons, just a smooth pull-on waistband that creates an ultra-flattering, slim shape. sits just below the waist natural fit bootcut leg with 20 opening pull-on waistband for a slimmer shape 2 back welt pockets ponte knit polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 32 inseam petite: 29 inseam
Understated elegance defines our women's watch featuring an opalescent mother-of-pearl dial framed in a sparkling crystal bezel. With mother-of-pearl links centering the polished strap, telling time has never been more beautiful.   Brand: Relic® Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Accents: Clear crystals and mother-of-pearl Strap: Rose-tone metal Clasp: Folding buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7 long; 16mm wide Model No.: ZR34353   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Metal: Sterling silverStones: Genuine cushion-cut purple amethystOther Stones: Genuine round black spinelGallery Height: 8.57mm  Gemstones may be treated & may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Slip on these low-heeled slide sandals and feel pretty as a peony with the flower detailing. synthetic upper 7/16 heel synthetic sole
A sweet ruffle tops off this adorable swimsuit. tank style all-over screen print  ruffle detail  UPF 50+ polyester/elastane lining: polyester washable imported
Classic colors and patterns are given an updated spin. Toss this indoor/outdoor runner on the floor of any room, patio or deck that sees a lot of foot traffic.   classic braid construction reversible for twice the life extremely durable fibers are stain-, fade- and mildew-resistant ideal for indoor and outdoor high-traffic areas vibrant color combinations coordinate with most home décor Polypropylene. ½ pile height. Vacuum with a hard-surface attachment. Remove spots or spills with a dry cleaning fluid. Professional cleaning recommended. Rug pad recommended. Made in America.
Update your room with the sophisticated design of this comforter set featuring a cool plaid design. button detailing 2-piece Twin set includes: comforter sham BONUS decorative pillow 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: comforter 2 shams BONUS decorative pillow Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams. Washable comforter and shams; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x90; sham is 26x20; decorative pillow is 10x18 Full/Queen: comforter is 86x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillow is 10x18 King: comforter is 102x90; shams are 36x20; decorative pillow is 10x18
A smart choice in performance—Haggar pleated Cool 18 no-iron shorts. With a legendary hidden expandable waistband expanding up to 3 and moisture-wicking performance fabric, they'll keep you cool and comfortable all day long. no-iron moisture wicking hidden expandable waist that expands up to 3 standard rise classic fit pleated front zip fly with button closure button-through back pockets straight leg 9½ inseam polyester washable imported Style: HS10602, 41154529487
Feel smoothly elegant with our overlay dress featuring a floating layer and richly embellished neckline. embellished scoopneck approx. 41 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Sparkling to complement any pendant or outfit, this rope chain is crafted from 14K gold that's gone through a patented hardening process. It's exceptionally durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. It will also maintain its consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Hypoallergenic and nickel free.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Closure: Fish hook Dimensions: 24 long hollow rope chain Gauge: 14 Thickness: 1.8-1.85mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Featuring laser-cut floral motifs and beautifully curved legs, this dining set creates a wonderful dining experience for you and your guests. sturdy metal construction gray finish with brown highlighting table features a glass top each chair has black faux-leather seats 5-piece set includes: table 4 chairs Upholstery is polyurethane. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Assembly required; Allen wrench needed. Imported. Table: 48 in diameter; 30H Each chair: 19Wx21Dx39H with a 19 seat height
These Ludwig marching bass drum mallets come with aluminum handles, firmball ends and available with strap (L2323 - Large Ball, single) or with thong (L2331 - Medium Ball with red stripe, pair). wood and rubber 15x.9x.9H made in America
Maximize your work performance with our Durashocks work boots from Wolverine, packed to the brim with premium comfort technology. technology Durashocks® removable full-cushion insole dual-density Durashocks® slip-resistant outsole Goodyear® Welt construction for durability construction leather upper synthetic sole details 10 shaft lace up nylon shank
Great for those sunny day, these Bermuda shorts feature 2 front pockets are made from breathable cotton to keep her cool no matter the occasion.   flat front relaxed fit 2 front pockets elastic waist faux fly 100% cotton washable imported
This classic ball shape finial and traditional collar statement comes with a touch of intricacy in the form of an eye-catching twist treatment. subtle beauty of the Darjeeling bronzed finish offers up a unique accent statement to any classically inspired décor a graceful collar treatment hugs and highlights sleek ball finial design coordinates elegantly with either patterned or monotone window coverings pairs perfectly with Umbra Capella holdbacks and bronze clip rings 5/8 diameter metal rod add 4 to each end for finials, allow 3 clearance for rod comes with mounting hardware holdbacks and clip rings sold separately Steel/resin. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
All by itself or under a blouse, our Xersion tank top gives you a comfort fit that hugs your body in all the right ways. roundneck approx. 27½ length polyester/rayon                                 washable imported
A great everyday accessory, this simulated pearl stretch bracelet makes a stylish statement.   Metal: Two-tone metal Stones: Simulated pearls   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
true Skip the dry cleaners with this powerful electric dryer. The effective Steam Dry cycle helps eliminate odors and freshen clothes while removing wrinkles for a clean and smooth look. 9.5 cu. ft. capacity lets you do more laundry in each load knob control and LED display Steam Dry cycle eliminates odors and refreshes clothes, all without manually refilling a water reservoir 15 drying cycles with Sensor Dry Moisture Sensor that adjusts drying time to save energy 5 temperature settings child lock feature prevent unintended use Vent Sensor™ detects problems and reminds you when you need to clean your vent Smart Care lets you troubleshoot appliance problems from your smartphone patented Eco Dry technology can help save up to 25% less energy with every load dryer rack allows you to place your special-care items in an area to dry without tumbling
​Take your look to fashionable heights with strappy heels fit for any special occasion.  synthetic upper 4.375 heel height PVC sole
Our muscle tee is made with moisture-wicking fabric for a cool, athletic look.  crewneck polyester washable imported
Radiant teardrops surrounded by smaller accent rhinestones add gloss and glamour to after five.   Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Clear rhinestonesBack: FrictionDimensions: 4½ longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
When you want a clean, classic look, this ultra-plush, reversible down-alternative comforter lets you change up your decor with ease.   ultra-plush, reversible microfiber cover light warmth luxurious, hypoallergenic down-alternative fill box-stitch pattern distributes fill evenly and keeps it from shifting  Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x86; 32-ounce fill weight Full/Queen: comforter is 88x92; 46-ounce fill weight King: comforter is 104x92; 53-ounce fill weight
Gildan athletic crew socks feature moisture-wicking technology and a soft cushioned design for the ideal blend of performance and comfort. arch support seamless toe for added comfort and durability cotton/polyester washable imported  
Wrap yourself in cozy warmth with this microplush heated throw. It allows you to save energy and money by turning down your thermostat and turning up your heated control. lighted control with 10 heat settings extra-long cord for ease of use automatic shutoff after 10 hours 13' cord measures 50x62 Polyester. Machine wash, dry flat. Imported. 
With a tight back, roll arms and welt detailing, this sleeper sofa makes the most out of your space while providing a comfortable place for guests to spend the night.   kiln-dried, laminated wood frame joined with two 16-gauge cords tempered steel spring system cushions filled with upholstery foam wood legs includes a queen innerspring mattress and 2 printed accent pillows Queen mattress options: Basic: 4¾ overall thickness with a low-melt fiber insulator that is needle punched for increased strength and 13½-gauge, high-carbon steel springs. All materials are surged for additional strength to prevent slippage. Memory Foam: 4½ overall thickness with a 1 premium Enso PurGel memory foam layer on top of a 3½ layer of polyester support foam. The PurGel memory foam is cool and comforting thanks to its optimum temperature control.  Dreamquest: 6¼ overall thickness with a low-melt fiber insulator that is needle punched for increased strength and 13½-gauge, high-carbon steel springs. All materials are surged for additional strength to prevent slippage. AirDream: 11 overall thickness with innovative technology that combines spring coil support with a cushioning layer of air. This mattress also features adjustable firmness with a push of a button—it inflates in less than 60 seconds. Fabric options: Microsuede: 100% polyester, woven from extra-fine fibers to provide a superior feel, gentle drape and incredible softness. Feels like suede to the hand. Nina: 100% polyester, which provides high strength and resistance to shrinking, stretching and wrinkles. Feels like velvet to the hand. Buster: Chenille cloth made from 69% polyester/31% polypropylene. Woven into a tufted velvety cord or yarn, it feels like a velvety raised rib to the hand. Halo: 100% polyester, which provides high strength and resistance to shrinking, stretching and wrinkles. Feels like a finely ribbed microfiber to the hand. Hayden: 100% polyester, which provides high strength and resistance to shrinking, stretching and wrinkles. Feels like linen to the hand.  Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 81Wx35Dx33H with a 20 seat height, 22 seat depth and 13 seat back height. Made in America. All colors are Custom Order with the exception of Microsuede Chocolate with the Basic Mattress. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.
Celebrate St. Patrick’s Day with these shamrock teardrop earrings.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: White and green acrylic teardrop stones Back: Wire Dimensions: 2” long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
A classic t-shirt with handy front pocket makes this pick from The Foundry Supply Co.™ an easy choice. regular fit crewneck short sleeves pocket on left breast cotton washable imported
Dress up his suit with this handsome tie bar, featuring silver-tone metal accented with a black onyx stone.   clip closure 2½ long have it monogrammed with up to 3 block letters (first, middle and last initial) silver-tone metal made in America If you want this item monogrammed, just click on the monogramming box below and add the item to your shopping bag. You will then be prompted to add your free personalization of up to three letters.  
Nothing helps you clean up your look like the classic suit vest, with clean lines and the perfect fit.   wool dry clean only imported
Enjoy the unparalleled fit and comfort of a classic with this 100% cotton oxford dress shirt from Stafford. non-iron performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering button-down collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs side gusset long shirttail that stays tucked cotton washable imported
With a semi-high waist and contrast ruffled yoke, our solid knit hipster swim bottoms will add a flirty touch to your poolside style. nylon/spandex washable imported
What it is:Ole Henriksen ‘s Invigorating Night Treatment™ ia an exceptionally lightweight face gel, a night time treatment for a radiant, youthful-looking and luminous complexion.What it is formulated to do:This amazing skin care treatment is a powerful gel seals in essential vitamins and minerals for deeply nourished skin. - It supports natural cell turnover, improves the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles, and smooths texture, resulting in a beautiful, radiant, youthful-looking complexion.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Phthalates Size1.7 oz
When performance counts, reach for this easy-care piqué polo from Dickies, featuring moisture-wicking technology and protection from the sun. moisture-wicking fabric fade and snag resistant UV protection rib-knit collar tagless neck for comfort 3-button placket side vents polyester washable imported
Demonstrate your event-savvy in our sweeping wide-leg pants—punctuated with diaphanous mesh for an ethereal feel and a tie-sash waistband. drape tie-waist 29½ inseam matte jersey knit polyester lined hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This item must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Hit the halls in our so-cool-for-school two-button stretch twill pants—complete with two front pockets and two back welt pockets.   32 inseam cotton/spandex trim: cotton washable imported
This modern corner TV stand has a contemporary look in a space-saving design. The tempered safety glass supports most TVs up to 48 and the shelves will keep your media accessories neat and organized.   tempered safety glass  powder-coated steel finish dowel, cam bolt and cam lock joinery 2 beveled glass shelves wire management holes in the back stylish and modern space-saving corner unit accommodates TVs up to 48 top shelf supports up to 250 pounds 43x24x22H wipe clean with a soft cloth imported
Diagonal stripes in coastal colors make this soft bath rug a refreshing addition to your bathroom.    striped design in subtle seaside colors measures 20x30   Cotton. Washable. Imported.
true Reduce your trash with this elegantly designed trash compactor in sleek stainless steel. A smooth, clean exterior and sculptured handle lends a designer appearance to this hardworking appliance. controls are hidden behind door built-in to adjacent cabinetry 1.4 cu. ft. capacity 1/3 HP motor removable key lock assures the drawer remains locked during use removable drawer for ease of emptying and cleaning automatic anti-jam rear wheels allow for easy movement and installation toe pedal opener for hand-free opening 
This beautifully engraved frame is a great gift idea for anyone special in your life.  It reads, The best things in life aren't things and is sure to be a reminder of all that is important. sentimental gift vertical orientation wood/glass/paper 4x6 picture frame; 12x8 overall imported
This versatile bookcase features slatted shelves and a unique design that’s easy to set up, move and store.   solid wood construction glazed finish 4 spacious storage shelves foldable for easy storage and transport Measures 24Wx16Dx60H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Our roll-out bin holder is the perfect solution to provide easy access to all of your under-cabinet bins, with a unique adjustable design that converts any bin into an easily accessible pull-out bin.  converts any bin into an easily accessible pull-out bin fits most sizes and styles of containers industrial-grade ball bearing glides ensure smooth gliding even under the heaviest loads commercial quality chrome and steel construction for a lifetime of trouble-free use fits minimum cabinet opening of 12 steel/plastic clean with a damp cloth 10.1x20.25x11.25H imported
Our by&by classic shirt is an essential wardrobe staple that you'll return to again and again for work and play. shirt collar 3/4 roll sleeves button down front approx. 25-26 length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Providing comfort and flexibility, the Xersion crew tee will help you reach your fitness goals while giving you the support you need. crewneck slim compression fit polyester/spandex washable imported
The beautiful pairing of lab-created alexandrite and diamonds on this charming heart-shaped pendant necklace is enhanced by polished 10K white gold, lending color and charisma to all your favorite looks.Metal: Sterling silverStones: 8mm heart-shaped lab-created alexandriteOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: Prong and pavéClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 17 long rope chainPendant Size: 11.6x22.6mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
A pretty camisole to wear under your favorite garments for a finished look.   built-up camisole wider straps keep your bra straps under wraps Satin Glance™ anti-static no-cling fabric nylon trim: polyester washable made in America or imported of domestic fabric  
With their pretty crochet strap and chunky well heel and platform, these sandals were made for relaxing, warm days. cotton and synthetic upper 3¼ wedge heel adjustable ankle strap open toe textile sole
A single diamond shimmers on the dial of this watch, giving it the perfect touch of glitz.   Brand: Armitron Dial Color: White Accent: Diamond on dial Strap: White enamel and metal alloy Clasp: Jewelry Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 6¾ long; 7.5mm wide Model No.: 75/5363WTGP   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Put a modern spin on your classic style with our high-low v-neck sweater. 1x1 ribbed trim side slits approx. 25⅛ - 27 front length cotton/nylon/viscose machine wash, dry flat imported
3 ct. t.w. diamond engagement ring is absolutely stunning with a mix of special, baguette, and round diamonds set in classic 14K white gold for timeless appeal and glittering elegance. She will be impressed.   Metal: 14K white gold Stone: 7/8 ct. t.w. special-cut diamond Other Stones: 1/2 ct. t.w. baguette diamond; 1 5/8 ct. t.w. round diamond Color: I-J Clarity: I2 Setting: Invisible, channel and prong Gallery Height: 10.55mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .05 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
From the Black Hills Gold® collection, three round cz stones are centered in this sterling silver ring that is accented by 10K rose and green gold leaves on either side. Made in America.   Metal: Tri-tone sterling silver with 10K rose and green gold leaves Stone: Synthetic CZ, 3mm diam. Setting: Prong Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our cotton twill shorts feature tape trim and a fabric belt for a super-cute warm-weather look to pair with all of your favorite tops. hook-and-bar closure fabric belt 2 pockets mid rise regular fit 3¾ inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Dependable comfort is a hallmark of our Asics quarter-zip shirt, whether it's your workout go-to or reliable relaxation shirt. quarter-zip front long sleeves thumbholes polyester washable imported
Our Gold Toe crew socks give you comfort when it counts with colors that are great for work and play and quality sewn right in. package of 3 pairs cotton/stretch nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 9-11
Bold stripes lend sporty style to this comfortable, all-cotton shirt. crewneck short sleeves embroidered logo on left chest 100% cotton washable imported
silver-tone metal clear acrylic stones 1¼x10”
This classic round rug features floral patterns and a modern color scheme, bringing a beautiful blend of yesterday and today to your home. floral design power loomed polypropylene synthetic backing     ½ overall thickness measures 7' in diameter      Stain Resistant: No      Fade Resistant: No      Slip Resistant: No      Fire Retardant: Yes      Rug Pad Recommended: No      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly. Blot spills immediately. Professionally clean.      Origin: Imported
Our essential shorts come with classic fit, 5-pocket style, a touch of stretch, plus a versatile roll cuff so you can adjust the length to your liking. ●    classic fit●    midrise●    5-pocket style●    6½ unrolled inseam●    zip fly with button closure●    cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
This accordion flap wallet includes multiple pockets for cash, coupons, tickets and more, and the ID window makes it easy to share your ID with clerks. flap with snap closure synthetic/microfiber/polyester/rayon, crocodile texture 1 exterior coin pocket, 1 exterior slide pocket 1 interior zip pocket, 4 interior slide pockets, 2 interior ID windows 5.5Hx7.875Wx1.375D imported
The staple, remade in an ultra-comfortable stretch fabric that moves with you from meeting to meet-ups.   flat front french fly front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets straight legs poly/viscose/spandex dry clean imported
This cotton-rich soft jersey long ballet nightgown has a feminine picot edge at the neckline and a pretty ribbon beaded eyelet lace and shirring details at the front yoke. ½-button front sleeveless cotton/polyester washable imported
Keep your 9-to-5 look polished, professional and wrinkle-free with this easy care end-on-end dress shirt from Claiborne. wrinkle-free finish mechanic stretch fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering spread collar button front long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Give your bedroom a new look with our comforter set, featuring a soft seafoam blue background with intricate floral chain-stitched embroidery for an elegant look. floral chain-stitching embroidery 100% cotton; polyester fill dry clean queen: comforter is 92x96 cal. king: comforter is 110x96 imported 4-pc. queen or cal. king set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Queen sets include standard shams. Cal. king sets include cal. king shams
Stay stylish and comfortable with these wedge sandals from this favorite brand. synthetic/elastic upper 2 wedge heel rubber/textile sole
Celebrate the fourth of July or honor the brave with these American flag napkins. red, white and blue for any occasion coordinating items sold separately set of 4 100% cotton 20x20 washable imported
Our Hello Kitty sweatshirt throw mimics the feeling and comfort of your favorite sweatshirt—only better—and is big enough to wrap your whole body in. • 50x60• polyester/cotton• washable imported
A hammered finish silver-tone metal teardrop shape is outlined in another floating teardrop, all suspended on a long 32ʺ chain in this pendant necklace that works for casual or dressy occasions.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 32ʺ long Pendant Size: 1½x2½x long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The perfect companion for the class or gym, this backpack is made with durable materials that cater to your active lifestyle. adjustable padded mesh shoulder straps loop-style web handle two spacious main compartments for easy packing and storage; zippered mesh interior organization pocket top-access felt-lined tech compartment holds up to a 17.5 laptop; side water bottle pockets for easy hydration; front accessory pocket padded mesh back keeps you cool polyester 14x7.5x17H; weighs 1.7 pounds imported
Get back to basics with our short-sleeve swing tee by Decree, which offers just the right amount of style and class you're looking for. v-neck approx. 27¼-32¼ length rayon/polyester washable imported
Slender, squared handles with a polished gold finish have a distinctive flair and modern proportions in this 20-pc. flatware set. The set is dishwasher safe and never needs polishing. 18/0 stainless steel service for 4 dishwasher safe imported 20-pc. set includes: 4 salad forks 4 dinner forks 4 dinner knives 4 dinner spoons 4 teaspoons
Compete, exercise or simply relax in comfort with a classic tee from Champion, the brand that's been making quality athletic apparel since 1919.   regular fit crewneck taped neck left chest logo embroidery cotton except oxford and granite heather are cotton/polyester washable imported
Show off your flair for eye-catching style in our breezy macramé tankini swim top and get a look that complements your fun-in-the-sun attitude. partially lined removable soft cups nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Mix, store or serve your favorite foods in this retro-style bowl inspired by the 50s.   perfect for storing or transporting food made with recycled melamine lid keeps leftovers fresh includes one bowl and one lid Plastic. Dishwasher safe. Imported. Additional colors available.
This desk proves that it's possible to have office furniture that is as practical as it is beautiful. It'll help you get the job done in style.   classic mission design complements a variety of decors working drawer convenient corner fit Mission Corner Computer Desk measures 48.5x31.8x30H. Assembly required.
Contend with the best in our Tapout shorts. drawstring waistband side pockets regular fit 10” inseam polyester washable imported
This symphony music stand is designed to be extremely long lasting. It will stand up to years of rehearsal time and performances, making it perfect for all music performers. no-knob friction-tilt neck height adjustable from 26 to 48 Magic Finger Clutch provides one-hand friction grip heavy-duty base metal alloy 50x23x18 made in America
Add depth and interest to your look with shimmering, silver-tone hoops that are a gentle twist of smooth and diamond-cut textures.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Back: Omega hinge Dimensions: 1¼L Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Metal: Sterling silverStones: Diamond accentsSome diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Xersion compression sliders provide the perfect combination of comfort, support and moisture-wicking performance to help you reach your fitness goals. Quick-Dri® wicking technology helps keep you cool and dry breathable microjersey construction flatlock seams prevent chafing slim compression fit elastic waist 18½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
These boxers from Fruit of the Loom provide premium cotton comfort in a tag-free design that won’t itch or irritate.   package of 4 tagless comfort 100% cotton washable imported
  Well-crafted wine cooler tote is insulated to keep your wine bottles chilled to perfection. Features sturdy fabric, side pockets and easy-carry handle. Can be embroidered with initials or name.   14 long polyester imported
Whether lounging or sleeping, these smooth micro-knit pajamas from Stafford offer extravagant comfort and exceptional style. includes short-sleeve shirt and pants polyester washable imported  
Update your professional look with our flat-front pants, featuring a slim fit and tapered leg. button fly double welt back pockets flat front tapered leg slim fit cotton/elastane washable imported
She’ll be running in style with these classic shoes from Nike featuring comfort cushioning and a flexible midsole. technology solid rubber pods on sole provide traction and durability construction synthetic/mesh upper synthetic/rubber sole details lace-up entry phylon midsole for flexibility breathable mesh upper with no sew tip and foxing for support
Modern-classic dress belt features a squared buckle and smooth strap for simple sophisticated style.   1¼ wide feather edge squared buckle synthetic leather imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
A footwear favorite, our classic Gold Toe trouser socks boast softness, comfort and style you’ll love all day, every day.   package of 3 pairs nylon/pima cotton/spandex washable imported  
A comfort-meets-style relaxed, straight fit makes Levis the go-to jeans you'll want to wear everywhere. button closure 5 pockets straight fit sits at waist 32 inseam cotton/viscose/polyester/elastane washable imported
Protect your feet from less-than-comfortable shoes with these liner socks from Gold Toe. Silicone grip keeps these socks in place so you can enjoy the built-in arch support, anatomical Y-heel construction and light cushioning.   cotton/polyester/nylon/rubber/spandex washable imported
Featuring tasteful embroidered detail, our short-sleeve top by Alfred Dunner is perfect for the office or for a day out on the town. split crewneck pullover 27½ length lined cotton/polyester washable imported
Our rugged and protective Raider boots from Wolverine feature a steel toe and a supportive construction that's as hard-working as you are.   technology MultiShox® Comfort Gel removeable footbed MultiShox® rubber lug outsole Wolverine Contour Welt® construction offers superior flexibility construction leather upper rubber sole details 6 shaft lace up polyurethane midsole wave mesh lining slip and oil-resistant nylon shank
Our Liz Claiborne one-piece swimsuit has a fresh, new look to your swimwear collection while keeping it real with a figure-flattering fit. high-neck halter removable, built-in bra shirred front panel lined nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
This dresser offers a soft country look that's ideal for kids, teens or young adults. spacious drawers coordinates with Bailey bedroom furniture beautiful vanilla cream finish Coordinating mirror sold separately. Dresser measures 53x16x32H.Constructed of wood composites. Assembly required.
With multiple bonanza-ribbon blooming flowers on the skirt, a cummerbund waist and flower detail on the shoulder, this dress has plenty of pomp for any formal occasion.   jewelneck sleeveless flower detail at the shoulder cummerbund waist nylon/polyester washable imported
Setting the standard in high-performance coffee makers, this espresso machine has the power of two grinders; two heating systems and can produce two cups of aromatic specialty drinks at once. fast, quiet operation with 2 ceramic disc grinders 17 individually programmable specialty coffees TFT display with Rotary Selection; easy to find prep buttons Venti Ports provide plenty of air for optimum performance 4.75x6.25x16.3H plastic hand wash parts; wipe clean imported
Sisters are a girl's best friend for life. Show her you care with this sterling silver heart pendant featuring the word sisters and a rose-hued inner heart for extra love. Metal: Two-tone sterling silverDimensions: 18 long Forzatina chainClosure: Spring-ring Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Classic style and modern day comfort collide with this fun tee from Vans. crewneck 100% cotton washable imported
This soft, all-cotton bodysuit takes the guesswork out of dressing him by perfectly layering with his jeans, khakis and shorts. all-over anchor print short sleeves nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel jersey knit fabric 100% cotton washable imported
Protect yourself from the elments in style with our water-resistant quilted vest, featuring a fab faux-fur collar. 2 slant pockets approx. 22½ - 25 length polyester polyester taffeta lining polyester filling washable imported
She can pair these cotton shorts with a tee or tank for a classic summer look. flat front relaxed fit 2 front pockets and 2 back pockets with button closure 2 1/2 inseam. Measurements relate to regular size 10, other sizes will vary ribbed elastic waist with non-functional drawstring rolled hem 100% cotton washable imported
He'll have his style and his comfort, too, in these Nike shorts with breathable mesh detail. adjustable waist with interior drawstring 11 inseam polyester washable imported
This generously sized platter is perfect for serving entrées, brunch dishes like scrambled eggs, finger sandwiches and more.   elegant contemporary look perfect for casual or formal dining constructed of durable stoneware Stoneware. Measures 15x10½. Dishwasher and microwave safe. Imported.
She'll love to knock around in these comfy denim Bermuda shorts with embellished back pockets. 5-pocket styling with embellished back pockets zip and button closure 7 cuffed inseam; plus: 8 cuffed inseam cotton/polyester/viscose/spandex washable imported
Protect your iPhone 6 Plus from drops, scratches and other mishaps with this sturdy case. It has a sleek aluminum design and a rubberized interior. ultra-slim, lightweight design provides great protection rubberized interior aluminum wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 6¼x3⅛x⅜ imported   iPhone 6 Plus is a registered trademark of Apple, Inc.
With its artistic floral design in soft shades reminiscent of a field of wildflowers, this comforter set will bring peace and warmth to your bedroom. artistic floral design in green, blue, purple and yellow reverses to green and ivory stripe 2-piece Twin set includes: comforter sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: comforter 2 shams Twin and Full/Queen set sinclude standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton sham(s). Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 68x86; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: comforter is 92x96; shams are 26x20 King: comforter is 110x96; shams are 36x20
She'll always look poised and polished with these simulated pearl and CZ stud earrings. Threaded posts and screwback closures keep the earring backs securely in place, helping to prevent earrings from getting lost and from fitting too snuggly on tender little ears.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: Simulated pearls Other Stones: Cubic zirconia Back: Screwback Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Featuring a bold print and a fun and flowy style, our printed palazzo pants are ideal for your trendy wardrobe. pull on 32 inseam polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Say I do with this classic, domed styled 4mm 14K polished gold ring. A classic with a message-- enduring love.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Width: 4mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Dress your windows in this luxurious curtain panel pair featuring a faux-linen textured fabric. includes two tiebacks lined for an enhanced weight and feel Measures 84x84'L. Panels are sold in pairs; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Valance sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Polyester with polyester lining. Dry clean. Imported.  
With fun ruffles and a floral print, the top of our sheath dress is perfectly balanced by a solid skirt.   roundneck sleeveless back zipper belt included approx. 38 length from shoulder bodice: polyester skirt: cotton/polyester/spandex lining: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
For your next night out, keep these earrings in mind. Their classic hoop style gives you lots of options for dressing up or down. Made in America.   Metal: 18K yellow gold Back: Hinged Dimensions: 20x20mm long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With a high-low hem and puff-ink embroidery along the sleeves, this lace-yoke top will give her plenty to smile about and comes with a coordinated tassel necklace to finish off the look.   includes top with coordinated necklace embroidered short sleeves top: rayon/linen/spandex lace: polyester/spandex washable imported
He'll love the island feel of this pullover hoodie, which features a front kanga pocket and a screen-printed chest crest. ribbed cuffs and hem 100% cotton washable imported
The v-neckline is embellished with embroidery for a feminine touch on this maxi dress. v-neck 44 length from shoulder viscose/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
This 200 thread-count cotton pillow protector boasts a moisture-wicking finish to help keep you cool and comfortable all night long.   200 thread-count cotton cover zipper closure Cotton. Washable. Imported. Standard pillow protector: 20x28 King pillow protector: 20x36
Fusing a sporty design with luxurious leather, these sneakers take your casual style up a few notches. construction leather upper rubber sole details lace up padded tongue and collar
Levi's 512 Skinny Jeans hold a figure enhancing secret: a tummy shaping panel through Levi's innovative pocket design that creates an allover smooth shape, with super-stretchy denim that ensures all-day comfort.   super soft, super stretchy denim tummy slimming panel sits at natural waist slim through hip and thigh skinny leg with 15½ opening 10¾ front rise; 16⅞ back rise cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported misses: 31 inseam misses short: 30 inseam
With mystifying sparkle, 5mm black cubic zirconia studs lend a sense of edgy sophistication to your style. Set in stainless steel, these earrings are perfectly versatile for all of your favorite looks. Metal: Stainless steel Stones: 5mm square black cubic zirconia Setting: Prong Closure: Friction Dimensions: 7.9x7.9mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A beautiful, inspired print gives this rug an artistic look that stands out with any decor. power-loomed design polyester/polypropylene jute/polyester mesh backing .26 pile height; .6 overall thickness measures 2.6x7.6' crafted in Egypt Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: Yes Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean. Origin: Imported
Featuring a darling pull-through polka-dot bow at the waist, this dress will have her looking sweeter than ever. squareneck cotton/polyester/metallic washable imported
Contrast stitching and studded accents add interest to our slide sandals, featuring three hook-and-loop closures for a custom fit, an OrthoLite footbed and open-cell technology for optimal breathability.  technology OrthoLite footbed absorbs impact with every step and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial CushionSoft dual-density footbed open-cell technology for optimal breathability construction leather upper EVA sole details 1.5 heel adjustable straps with hook-and-loop closures open toe
Our silk tie features a wide stripe design for a sophisticated look.  3¼ wide; 58 long 100% silk spot clean imported
Bring a fresh but classic look to your windows with these quality curtain panels in a persuading plaid.   rod-pocket styling tiebacks included fabric-lined for an upscale look    Measures 84x84L. Panels are sold in pairs; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Valance sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Cotton/polyester. Washable. Imported.
Walk a little taller in our slimming straight-leg pants. flat front slim fit straight leg front fly with nylon zipper, hook and bar closure 32 inseam polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported  
Compatible with most adjustable bases, this mattress set promotes a balanced sleep temperature and features a thick layer of firm foam to give you support across your entire body. 725 individually wrapped coil system with Total Edge® foam encasement quilted topper features Cool Balance® fabric for temperature control Fireblocker® fiber layer adds fire resistance Pillo-Fill® layer helps maintain airflow 1 PillowSoft™ foam layer adds extra comfort insulator pad provides additional temperature regulation ½ Cool Twist™ gel memory foam layer keeps the mattress cool 3 support foam layer adds extra support and firmness StabLBase® double-beam frame provides superior stability Cover is polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring/foundation. Foundation measures 8¾H; mattress set measures 20¾H when stacked. Split Queen, King and Cal. King mattress sets feature 2-piece side-by-side foundations for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x74½x12H; 432 coil count Twin XL: 38x79½x12H; 464 coil count Full: 53x74½x12H; 594 coil count Queen: 60x79½x12H; 725 coil count King: 76x79½x12H; 928 coil count Cal. King: 72x83½x12H; 930 coil count
Beautiful embroidery lends elegance to our comfortably supportive Glamorise bra. full figure wonderwire inner band supports and shapes and offers cushioning so that the wire never touches the body embroidered unlined cups smoothing shape enhancers on the side of the bust embroidered stretch straps are adjustable in the back nylon/polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported  
Our tee features a cool graphic print, side slits and a garment wash for a soft feel. crewneck short sleeves 25.5 length elephant: cotton/polyester all others: 100% cotton washable imported
Add some fabulous texture to your room with this decorative pillow featuring flowing petals on one side. faux-silk textured petals on front reverses to solid measures 14x14 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. 
Leverage your legs with our velour-trimmed ponte knit pants, designed with slimming Secretly Slender technology. Secretly Slender Technology is designed with a built-in panel to flatten and instantly slim your tummy. straight leg 2 front faux pockets 2 back pach pockets 32 inseam cotton/polyester velour nylon/spandex trim washable imported
Get a modern Roman look with our lace-up gladiator flat sandals.  synthetic upper lace-up ankle strap ankle tassel thermoplastic rubber sole
true This 26 cu. ft. refrigerator gives you enough space to stock up and the flexibility to keep food at its freshest. Its large capacity can accommodate up to 26 bags of groceries while the CoolSelect Pantry™ provides three temperature options for versatile food storage or safe defrosting. ENERGY STAR® qualified tall, in-door filtered water and ice dispenser accommodates larger glasses and pitchers for added convenience the space saving Ice Master ice system produces up to 9.9 pounds of ice daily while conserving shelf space in the refrigerator external ice blue digital display allows you to control settings at the touch of a button Twin Cooling Plus™ system keeps humidity at optimum levels in the refrigerator for fresher fruits and vegetables and dry freezer conditions for less freezer burn and better tasting frozen foods Power Freeze and Power Cool buttons drop the internal temperature quickly in each compartment to fast chill or freeze your favorite food and drinks spill-proof tempered glass shelves slide and flip-up to accommodate larger and taller items the CoolSelect Pantry™ provides deli, fresh and chilled temperature options for versatile food storage or a safe and controlled defrosting space 2 humidity-controlled crisper drawers keep produce fresh and neatly stored EZ-Open™ freezer handle lifts up and glides out for effortless opening and closing 25.5 cu. ft. total capacity high efficiency LED lighting illuminates every corner of the interior space while saving energy alarm alerts you when door is left open 3-door French door refrigerator has two fresh food doors and one bottom freezer drawer
Reminiscent of a mountain lodge with its wildlife silhouettes and rustic patterns, this bath rug is an inviting addition to any bathroom. easy-care nylon fabric printed design nonskid latex backing Nylon. Measures 33x20. Washable. Made in America.
Add an extra layer of sophistication to your suit with Stafford's black stripe suit vest.   100% wool lining: acetate twill dry clean only imported
Proving once again that black and white are contrasts that will always be classic, these teardrop earrings keep your style timeless.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Black and white acrylic stonesBack: Leverback Dimensions: .7x.1.7 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Features: AnalogAge Group: AdultBand Color: BrownWatch Movement: QuartzDial Color: Multi-ColorBattery Operated: Yes
She'll feel extra groovy in this tie-dyed double-strap swimsuit.   crisscross back fully lined nylon/spandex polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
What it is: A long-lasting, full-coverage matte lipstick in liquid form. What it does: Liquid Lipstick’s ultra-saturated liquid formula delivers an intense amount of matte pigment in a single swipe. Just one application leaves lips with smear-resistant coverage that stays put for hours. What else you need to know: This long-lasting formula is a must-have for every busy woman on the go.Anastasia Soare Precautions: -Store in a cool, dry place. -Do not store in areas over 86° F degrees.Size:0.11 ozIngredients:Isododecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Kaolin, Petrolatum, Dimethicone, Isobutylmethacrylate/Bis-Hydroxypropyl Dimethicone Acrylate Copolymer, Beeswax/Cera Alba/Cire D'abeille, Polyester/Dimethicone/Ipdi Copolymer, Polysilicone-11, Phenoxyethanol, Cyclomethicone, Cyclotetrasiloxane, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Propylene Carbonate, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, May Contain: (+/-) Red 6 (Ci 15850), Red 7 Lake (Ci 15850), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140), Blue 1 Lake (Ci 42090), Red 27(Ci 45410), Red 30 Lake (Ci 73360), Carmine (Ci 75470), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891). *Contains Carmine as a color additive.
Rock and roll elegance. Wear this two-pair earring set solo or together with double piercings. Includes a pair of round CZ studs and a pair of channel-set CZ C-hoops.   Metal: Silver-plated metal Stones: Cubic zirconia Back: Friction Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our scuba skater dress has figure-flattering style for a flirty fun and a carefree attitude. roundneck sleeveless approx. 34 length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported  
Keep your cool in the year-round cottony comfort of our crewneck T-shirt. 100% cotton fits closer to the body washable imported misses: approx. 25½ - 27½ front length petite: approx. 24¼ - 26 front length
Your little one will be assembling for bed eagerly every night with this Avengers reversible comforter set. posing Avengers on front reverses to headshots BONUS sham Coordinating accessories sold separately. Polyester with polyester fill; polyester sham. Washable. Imported. Twin/Full: comforter is 71x86; sham is 30x24
There’s something so sweet about this diamond ring that features three clusters of round diamonds, each cluster set in a flower design. Set in gold-plated sterling silver, it would make a lovely graduation or “just because” gift.   Metal: 10K gold-plated sterling silver Stones: 1/5 ct. t.w. diamonds Color: H-I Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Increase the versatility of your wardrobe with our high heel pumps that go from office to opera in effortless style. textile upper 3-7/16 high heel rivet detailing rubber/textile sole
Lightweight and easy to steer, this lightweight vacuum combines the convenience of a cordless design with power of cyclonic suction to clean your entire home with ease.   exclusive WindTunnel® 3 technology uses three channels of suction to efficiently removes dirt Cyclone Technology ensures no loss in constant, powerful suction high-capacity, easy-empty, easy-to-clean dirt cup reusable easy-rinse filter uses 1 LithiumLife™ rechargeable battery at a time (2 included) 50 minutes of cordless fade-free power; battery level indicator lets you know exactly how much charge you have left 10 amps of AC electrical current includes 2-in-1 dusting/crevice tool, additional filter, extended length crevice brush for cleaning under appliances and an additional brush roll with extra soft bristles to gently remove dirt and debris from hard floors also includes removable cleaning wand for stairs and furniture LED headlights make it easier to see where you need to clean Heavy-duty ABS plastic. Measures 11½x10x44H; weighs 10 pounds. Wipe vacuum clean; clean filter as needed. Manufacturer's 5-year limited warranty. Imported. 
Our Bioworld shirt gives you the flexibility and performance you want from a fitness shirt. short sleeves side pockets with contrast trim side vents approx. 26 length cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
This classic rug features floral patterns and a modern color scheme, bringing a beautiful blend of yesterday and today to your home. floral design power loomed polypropylene synthetic backing     ½ overall thickness      Stain Resistant: No      Fade Resistant: No      Slip Resistant: No      Fire Retardant: Yes      Rug Pad Recommended: No      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly. Blot spills immediately. Professionally clean.      Origin: Imported
Enjoy your favorite iced beverage in style with these stunning highball glasses and their distinctive red swirl. each has a 15 1/2 ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
With a front and back yoke with lace, this high-low top is the perfect choice to pair with pants or a skirt to give her a relaxed, casual look with flair.  crew neck short sleeves front and back yoke with lace keyhole at back yoke cotton/polyester washable imported
You'll sparkle in our sequin-top dress, with a chiffon skirt that will move perfectly with you.  boatneck sleeveless back zipper 34½ length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Keep your little cuddle monster warm and cozy with these adorably fun monster slippers from Carter's. soft 3D claws 3D scales faux fur synthetic wipe clean with damp cloth imported
Prepare to get ultra-cozy in our luxuriously soft tri-tone colorblock sweater. crewneck ribbed hem and cuffs approx 27¼ - 29¼ front length 100% nylon machine wash, dry flat imported
  The fun print design of these shorts from The Foundry Supply Co. will bring some life to your cool casual style. relaxed fit 2 front pockets flat front zip fly with button 11 inseam 100% cotton washable imported  
Our watch features a silver-tone dial with a brown leather strap for a sharp look.  Brand: Beverly Hills Polo Club Dial Color: Silver-tone Strap: Brown leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 42mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 18mm wide Model No.: 52959   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You’ll look and feel absolutely amazing lounging at the pool or strolling along the beach in our slimming, figure-flattering shirred bandeau swimdress with a draped neckline. detachable straps soft cups fully lined tricot knit nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
This Stafford Performance dress shirt features industry-leading technology and innovation.   matching big & tall web ID: 5312737 wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering treated with stain release and repel Scotchgard™ technology point collar comfort-stretch collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket long shirttail that stays tucked cotton/poly broadcloth washable imported
Elegant, timeless and regal, our sleeveless blouson dress will complement your style to a tee. keyhole neckline back button closure approx. 40½ length from shoulder lined polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Dora helps you keep on time the stylish way with this supercute watch and flower bracelet set. Watch features a graphic dial and pink floral patterned strap. Also includes a matching backpack.   Dial Color: Silver Strap: Pink plastic with print Clasp: Buckle Movement: Analog Case Width: 7mm Case Thickness: 5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 213mm long, 15mm wide Model No.: DTE1080B Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A unique and modern way to display their proud graduation moment with this rustic wooden picture frame. attractive black finish designed to hold a 4x6” photo sawtooth hanger for horizontal decor tabletop use with easel on back wood/glass/paper 14.5x0.6x6.5”H imported
Use the classic diagonal stripe of our silk tie to add a dash of pattern and color to your work look.   3 ½ wide; 62 long 100% silk spot clean imported
Dress to impress with our sharkskin flat-front suit pants with a classic fit and comfortable style. classic fit button closure straight leg flat-front side-seam pockets back button-through welt pockets sits at waist wool/polyester dry clean only imported
Featuring an antique white finish and high-quality Egyptian crystal, this three-light chandelier is a stunning addition to any space. 6' cord; 3' chain mounting hardware included metal/crystal 11x11x12H; weighs 4 pounds uses three 60W bulbs, max., not included assembly required; hardwiring required imported
Ready to party? So is this metallic crinkle mesh dress. With split sleeves, elastic at waist and blouson-style top, it offers comfort to dance the night away. 36½ length from shoulder polyester/metallic mesh polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
With a classic design that compliments just about any top, these adidas basketball shorts have you looking good on the court. regular fit elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets 11 inseam polyester washable imported      
He'll love hanging out in our shorts, featuring a fun graphic print of Disney's Finding Dory.  elastic waist with non-functional drawstring relaxed fit jersey cotton/polyester washable imported
Our Levi's® 560™ jeans offer an easy-going fit and incredible comfort.    matching big & tall web id: 5834014 sits at the waist comfort fit through seat and thigh slightly tapered leg, 16 opening cotton washable imported more sizes: regular, extra tall, big
The artful styling of our woodland-inspired intarsia sweater will make your look an unexpected favorite. double ribbed neckline jersey knit cotton/nylon/Modal®/wool machine wash, dry flat imported
Take on your workout in comfort and style with our Quick-Dri compression capris. Quick-Dri moisture-wicking fabric compression fit 1” elastic waistband with drawstring key pocket no-chafe seams 21” inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Brighten the kitchen and get fresh flavor going with the exceptional ceramic nonstick cooking performance of this SilverStone Ceramic CXi nonstick 12-piece cookware set.   sturdy aluminum construction delivers fast, even heating SilverStone white ceramic nonstick coating provides exceptional food release and a fresh, high-visibility cooking surface that is PFOA-, PTFE- and cadmium-free Cushion Smart™ technology on the sauté pan and skillet interiors features a unique, quilted pan surface to boost their nonstick cooking performance contoured, rubberized handles on the cookware and lids are double-riveted to provide a solid, comfortable grasp, even when the stock pot is filled shatter-resistant glass lids help keep the cooking visible while holding heat and moisture inside includes 2 Prestige® nylon tools—slotted turner and slotted spoon oven safe to 350°F 12-piece set includes: 1½-quart saucepan with lid 3-quart saucepan with lid 3-quart sauté pan with lid 6-quart stock pot with lid 8 skillet 10 skillet slotted turner slotted spoon Aluminum with glass lids and nylon tools. Dishwasher safe but hand washing recommended. Imported.  
Feel comfortable and confident in our super-soft, stretch-knit twill pants, featuring a stretchy waistband perfect for your growing baby bump. skinny leg low rise stretchy belly panel 2 front pockets with button closure 2 back pockets 31 inseam twill knit cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
This fragrance captures the delicate scent of bare skin. Hints of dewy flower petals wrap around notes of pure creaminess and warm musk to evoke the simple scent of touchable skin. Enticing, fresh, pure: clean skin at its best.CLEAN Skin Soft Body Lotion is a luxurious formula enriched with cotton extracts, vitamins A and E, cocoa butter, coconut, and olive oil to help hydrate and replenish your skin’s natural moisture barrier.Cotton Vantage™ is a smart technology based on cotton seed extracts and proteins that self-adjusts to help soothe, smooth, and moisturize skin. Notes:Honeydew, Lotus Blossom and Fresh Air Accord, Dewy Petals, Aquatic Notes, Blue Rose, Musks, Amber Wood, Vanilla.Style:Enticing. Fresh. Pure. Size:6 oz
Giving you ultimate performance, agility and durability to maneuver any surface day after day, our Response III 8.0 boots were designed with support and comfort in mind. technology anti-microbial construction leather/nylon mesh upper oil/slip-resistant carbon rubber sole allows you to maneuver any surface details lace-up entry padded, contoured collar adds support and comfort while maintaining flexibility fiberglass shank provides support without added weight removable sock lining  
true Keep your clothing looking and feeling their best with this 7.2 cu. ft. capacity of our HE Sensor Dry dryer from GE®. The quiet-by-design feature minimizes noise for convenient placement and the end-of-cycle signal alerts you when Keep your clothing is done to prevent wrinkles. 7.2 cu. ft. capacity 4 drying cycles: Cool Down, Less Dry, More Dry, Wrinkle Care aluminized alloy drum electromechanical front control 4 heat temperature: regular, medium, low, air fluff HE Sensor Dry keeps your clothes looking and feeling their best. Dual thermistors continually monitor temperature with a sensor bar that measures moisture to prevent over-drying up to 120 ft. venting capability provides flexible installation extended tumble freshly tumbles your garments periodically for up to 8 hours when unable to move clothing to the dryer right away End-of-cycle signal alerts you when the load is done, so clothes can be removed before wrinkles set in Quiet-by-Design sound protection minimizes dryer noise for convenient placement in first-floor laundry rooms or near bedrooms dryer duct and electrical cords required for installation and are sold separately
Featuring a cool design that lights up, our sporty shoes are sure to become his new favorite footwear. construction leather/synthetic/mesh upper EVA sole details lace up with self-adhesive closure
Remove corks effortlessly from your favorite bottles of red or white with this electric wine opener. simple push-button operation easily opens up to 30 bottles on a single charge sleek, sophisticated design comfortable soft-grip handle cordless operation with recharging base includes foil cutter for easily removing seals AC current plastic/metal wipe clean with damp cloth 5x4x12H imported
Featuring rubbed and lacquered finishes, this rectangular dining table is a classic and versatile addition to your home. solid hardwood construction rubbed and lacquered finish finger-joint joinery turned legs includes an 18 leaf extension Measures 60Wx44Dx30H without leaf extension; measures 78Wx44Dx30H with leaf extension. Imported.
This funky valance coordinates with the Seventeen® pop art animal print comforter and more collection.   hot purple, black and white with mixtures of fur and zebra print mixtures of fur and zebra print tailored, rod-pocket valance measures 72Wx15L Sheer drapery pair is sold separately. Measured from the top of rod pocket down, exclusive of header. Shirr on up to a 2½ rod or pole. Polyester. Dry clean only. Imported.
Gray sharkskin flat-front pants - a classic look with updated style.       classic fit flat front 2 side pockets 2 back welt pockets, 1 with button hemmed polyester lining to the knees polyester/viscose blend dry clean only imported
Bias-cut chest pockets and bright colors lend a fresh perspective to the tried-and-true plaid shirt. point collar button front long sleeves 2 chest flap pockets rounded hem cotton/polyester washable imported
These elegant placemats feature a classic tone-on-tone filigree jacquard design, giving your meal setting a decidedly upscale feel.   durable polyester/cotton fabric simple double-needle stitching coordinating napkins and tablecloth sold separately set of 4 Polyester/cotton. Each measures 19x13. Washable. Imported.
Striped pleating details give this decorative pillow a unique touch that brings great style to your bedroom's look. matte satin design in black pleating detail measures 18x18 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Lull your baby to sleep with this rotating crib mobile, which features a chevron pattern with cute hand-stitched clouds, stars and sailboats. 21x10D cotton/polyester spot clean only imported
Fashioned of 10K yellow gold in an open design, this cross pendant necklace with a round genuine peridot makes a beautiful reflection of your faith.Metal: 10K yellow goldStones: 3mm round genuine peridotSetting: ProngClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long box chainPendant Size: 13x22mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Turn your everyday meals into elegant gatherings with this dinnerware set and its beautiful adornments of subtle, foliage-inspired detailing.   durable stoneware construction distressed, glazed ivory finish microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 10¾ dinner plates four 8½ salad plates four 5⅞ soup bowls four 12-ounce capacity mugs Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
There's so much to love about these boots: a faux-fur collar, knit pattern and a full lace-up design combine for a remarkable one-of-a-kind look. polyester upper 14 shaft height 12 shaft circumference water-resistant outer Thinsulate® technology for added warmth rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Make a dramatic change in your quality of sleep with the addition of the ultimate loft mattress pad. It adds softness and incredible comfort that you’ll have to feel to believe.   fit mattresses up to 15 deep extra fill for increased comfort soft and breathable cotton cover 200 thread count plain weave cotton top hypoallergenic polyester spiral fiber fill; 20 ounces per square yard Cotton/polyester. Washable. Imported. For best results, launder in a large-capacity front-loading washer and dryer. If the mattress pad doesn't have free movement in the washer and dryer, a large-capacity commercial washer and dryer is recommended. Twin: 39x75
Round and round, these earrings sparkle brilliantly with ⅓ ct. t.w. diamonds in a timeless 10K white gold setting. Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K white gold Stones: ⅓ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Pavé Back: Friction Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add a natural feel to your bedroom with our duvet set, featuring an updated paisley design on a charcoal gray background that's printed on 200-thread cotton to create a restful oasis in your home.  paisley design on 200-thread count cotton duvet cover and shams: 100% cotton decorative pillows: 100% cotton with polyester fill full/queen: 88x92 king/cal. king: 104x92 duvet cover and shams: washable decorative pillows: spot clean imported 5-piece set includes: duvet cover 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full/queen set includes standard shams. King/cal. king set includes king shams. For best results, launder in a large-capacity front-loading washer and dryer. If the duvet set doesn't have free movement in the washer and dryer, a large-capacity commercial washer and dryer are recommended.
Keep a cozy, style-right layer on hand with this sporty pullover hoodie, featuring soft fleece construction and a handy kangaroo pocket. hooded raglan sleeves kangaroo pocket fleece fabric cotton/polyester washable imported
Our lightweight footie socks are made with mesh panels and a stretch cotton blend for breathability and a snug, soft feel.   ●    mesh panels●    reinforced toe●    cotton/nylon/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Featuring a ventilated, firm design and a cover infused with silk and cashmere, this luxurious mattress set is sure to have you sleeping soundly throughout the night. Intellicoil® innerspring system cover is polyester, polypropylene, rayon/cashmere blend, rayon/silk blend and spandex quilt: FlameGuard™ silk/wool fiber; 1 PrimaSense™ gel quilting foam; ½-ounce fiber; 1 PrimaSense gel quilting foam comfort layers: 2 PrimaSense gel foam; 1½ PrimaSense HD gel foam; ½ PrimaCool™ gel memory foam; ½ PrimaCore™ gel foam StabiLux™ edge system solid brass air vents LTD™ foundation twin XL: 37½x79½x16H; 754 coil count  full: 53½x74½x16H; 1044 coil count  queen/split queen: 59½x79½x16H; 1302 coil count  king: 75½x79½x16H; 1612 coil count  cal. king: 71½x83½x16H; 1650 coil count  made in America Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring. Box spring measures 9H; mattress set measures 25H when stacked. Split queen mattress set features a 2-piece side-by-side foundation for easier navigation in tight spaces.   You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer.
With a comfort waistband and soft, stretch-easy fabric, these Dockers flat-front pants are about as relaxed as you can get and still look refined. stretch-easy, no-wrinkle fabric sits at waist relaxed fit through seat and thigh comfort waistband allows up to 2 extra room zip fly with button closure front off-seam pockets double-welt, button-through back pockets flat front straight leg hemmed Wing & Anchor embroidery cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported
The personalized 64-oz. growler holds a full 64 oz. of your favorite brew in a safe portable container. Constructed with stainless steel and finished with sleek matte black finish, this beer growler features a secure swing-top lid and custom engraving, perfect for groomsmen and best man gifts. stainless steel construction 4.25x4.25x11.5H; holds up to 64 oz. hand wash only, do not freeze imported May be engraved with a name (max 12 characters) and a date (max 4 characters) with the Brewing Co. design at no additional cost. Please note: Brewing Co., The, and EST. automatically come with the name and date personalization option.
The Pizzacraft wire stand with aluminum pan raises your pizza off the table so you can enjoy parlor style dining at home.   designed to hold small, medium or large pizzas position over a candle to keep pizza hot creates more room on the table for toppings, plates and utensils easy to disassemble and store Aluminum. Pan measures 15.9” diameter. Hand wash. 
Layer on the color in this soft doubler tee with chest striping. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported  
Get warmth and ruggedness, while retaining the ease of movement you need to do your job, in this blanket-lined jacket from Dickies.   durable water repellent fabric High Performance Duck triple needle felled seam construction lined for warmth corduroy collar zip front chest pocket bi-swing back  heavy duty brass zipper interior pocket adjustable waist tabs and cuff sleeves: nylon/polyester liniing: acrylic/polyester shell: cotton  washable imported
Girly style gets a cool Frozen touch with this Elsa graphic tee. crewneck short sleeves glitter details 100% cotton washable imported
Both decorative and useful, this rooster canister is a charming, countryside-inspired accent in any kitchen.   clear glass body lets you easily view contents removable resin top Glass/resin. Measures 6.1x6.1x12.6H. Hand wash. Imported.
true This over-the-range microwave oven offers 10 cooking levels for boiling, reheating and defrosting. With sensor cooking controls, it automatically adjusts the time and power for optimal heating. 1.7 cu. ft. capacity 120V 1000 Watts 2-speed, 300-CFM Vortex venting system removes smoke, steam and odors electronic controls with graphic display nonstick interior auto and time defrost are programmed recessed turntable with on/off controls halogen lighting with three brightness settings
Wrap yourself in our loose-fitting poncho sweater to give your favorite looks a modern edge. roundneck long sleeves approx. 29 length heather grey: cotton/poly red: Modal®/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Put more sway in your step with our fringed tank top and its modern mixed-fabric construction. approx. 27½ - 29½ front length approx. 29 - 31 back length polyester front and fringe rayon back hand wash, line dry imported
A matte, gunmetal buckle gives this belt a rugged, no-nonsense style you’ll love.   2” wide reverses black/brown synthetic/leather imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
A polished finish and radiant sunray dial make this men's two-tone watch an essential piece for any wardrobe. Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: Silver-tone sunrayStrap: Two-tone metal linkClasp: FoldoverMovement: QuartzWater Resistance:Case Width: 42mmCase Thickness: 8mmBracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 22mm wideModel No.: 53318 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give your home a splash of handsome, cabin character with this entertainment center. The open media shelves are equipped with convenient cord openings for consoles, while closed storage provides the necessary space for games and other amusements. pine/MDF/particle board/ash veneer/metal construction dark tobacco finish butt joint joinery 3 adjustable shelves 1 drawer wire management holes in the back holds up to 49.5 flat screen TV 51.75x15.75x24.25H assembly required; tools included imported
Comfortably throw down some monster dunks in this colorful tee from Nike, featuring Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric. soft Dri-FIT fabric wicks sweat to help keep you dry and cool crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
The beautiful rose tone of this expansion-band watch makes it the ideal accessory. It has a simple, elegant design and an easy-read dial so you can see the time with a quick glance. Brand: Geneva Dial Color: White Strap: Rose-tone metal alloy link Movement: Quartz Water Resistant: 50m Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 8.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 6.5 long, 16mm wide Model No. PT1414RG   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our tank top from Nike sets you up to hit your stride with a sweat-wicking fabric that keeps you cool and comfortable. dri-FIT fabric pulls away sweat for quick drying mesh upper back ventilates for comfort redesigned racerback creates great range of motion flatlock seams move comfortably against your skin v-neck polyester washable imported
Full of flirty fun, our cap-sleeve tunic blouse pairs knit and woven fabrics for a modern look. cap sleeve round neck approx. 35 in length polyester/spandex washable imported
Strong enough for everyday use yet stylish enough for entertaining, this chalkboard-inspired mug tree set perks up your countertop or table with decor-enhancing design. durable stoneware mugs each has an 18-ounce capacity 5-piece set includes: 4 mugs wire stand Stoneware/metal. Stand is dishwasher safe; hand wash mugs. Imported.
Great with fitted trousers or a dress, these ballet flats feature a closed back, pointed toe and ankle strap. synthetic upper adjustable strap with buckle rubber sole
With festive colors and a classic plaid design, these placemats help create an inviting atmosphere for meals all season long. easy-care fabric set of 4 cotton/polyester each measures 19x13 washable imported.
Weather the season in rugged style with this denim jacket from Wrangler. corduroy point collar button front long sleeves 2 chest flap pockets 100% cotton washable imported
A laser engraved diamond pattern lends sophistication to this striking tie bar. only at JCPenney rhodium plated brass/zinc/rhodium imported
The details make the difference on this lovely, diamond-accent watch. An intricate, woven texture adds distinction to the silver-tone bracelet band, while diamond accents bring glamourous sparkle to the bezel and mother-of-pearl dial.   Brand: Bulova® Dial Color: Mother-of-pearl Strap: Silver-tone stainless steel Stones: Diamond accents Clasp: Foldover Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 29mm Case Thickness: 6.3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7¼ long, 11mm wide Model No.: 96R177 Special Features: Diamond-accent markers and bezel, sweeping second hand, mineral crystal, water-resistant to 3ATM Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add a breath of life to your wall space with our multicolored, metallic tree and birds. hanging hardware not included painted metal 44.5x1.6x23.6H imported
In the black and white world of an office, this brown jacket from Steve Harvey is a refreshing change of pace. long sleeves regular fit notch collar 2-button front side vents polyester/rayon dry clean only imported
These Lee performance cargo shorts feature active comfort stretch to give you a more relaxed fit. relaxed fit sits at waist zip fly with button closure flat front 11 inseam 2 front pockets 2 back flap pockets 2 side cargo pockets straight leg polyester washable imported
What it is: A set of five eye brushes and a volumizing mascara designed for stunning smoky eyes. What it does:Confidently create a sultry, smoky eye with this beautiful brush-and-mascara collection. This set comes with every brush you’ll need to conquer makeup trends, from naturally flawless, to bright and bold. Finish the look with the mascara, for beautiful, thick lashes that make an impression. The glittery, gray clutch features custom slots for each item and the sleek design is perfect for travel. This set contains:- Shadow brush- Base shadow brush- Precision smudge brush- Smudge brush- Angled liner brush- Full Action Extreme Effect Mascara
Enjoy ultimate comfort and style while you work out with the sharp design of these Xersion slider shorts. elastic waistband slim compression fit polyester washable imported
Classic spindles meet a graceful arched top rail on the Krisada metal bed, forming an elegant profile that makes your look complete.   classic style blends well with a variety of décors fully welded construction heavy gauge tubing versatile twinkle black finish available as a bed set or headboard only Solid metal. Some assembly required. Imported. Bed sets include headboard, footboard and rails. Full frame has 4 legs; queen and king bed frames have 6 legs. King and twin features interchangeable duo-panels with leg extensions that can be used for either a headboard or footboard. Full bed: 57x81½x52H Queen bed: 63x86½x52H King bed: 75x86½x52H Twin duo-panel: 42Wx52H Full/queen headboard: 63Wx52H King duo-panel: 75Wx52H
A cute geometric print and popover bodice make this challis dress a worthy addition to her warm weather lineup.   roundneck sleeveless rayon machine wash, line dry imported
These Signature pants understand the modern man, sporting a slim profile in a style that stretches at the waist—and a fabric that always looks great without extra effort. no-wrinkle fabric color retention technology D1 slim fit through seat and thigh Individual Fit® waist zip fly with button closure front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets unbreakable buttons flat front permanent crease porcelain: linen/cotton all other colors: cotton/polyester washable imported
Metal: 14K rose gold over silverStones: Genuine oval pink morganiteOther Stones: Genuine round white topazGallery Height: 5.8mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Whether for a yoga session or a day of relaxation, these printed-waistband capris are comfortable, versatile and ideal for her wardrobe. Champion logo polyester/spandex washable imported
Graphic logo tee is classic Vans in soft, 100% cotton. crewneck short sleeves cotton washable imported
It's easy to get into party mode with our elegantly styled elbow-sleeve lace dress sweetly finished with a ribbon belt tied up in a bow. scoopneck pullover style approx. 36 length nylon/spandex polyester lining and belt machine wash, line dry made in America
Stay chic even on short trips out with these sandals boasting a beautiful beaded design. synthetic upper adjustable ankle strap hand-beaded upper rubber sole
Lightweight and portable, this felt storage bin is perfect storing items in any room of your home. hand-woven felt construction cutout handles for easy transport 12x16.5x9.65H wipe clean with dry cloth imported
True gladiator style shines through in these elastic metallic strap sandals. metallic polyurethane upper tall ankle straps side zip thermoplastic rubber
These woven sandals are sure to perfectly complement your down-to-earth style. polyester upper woven accents padded insole EVA sole
Forever faithful in 10K gold, this cross pendant is a worthy emblem of your beliefs. Made in America.   Metal: 10K white gold Dimensions: 11x20mm L Chain sold separately. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You'll look darling in our sleeveless romper, featuring an adorable scallop lace bottom. v-neck sleeveless back zipper 31½ length from shoulder lined lace polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Keep your feet safe at work without sacrificing any comfort with our 6 steel-toe work boots.  technology teel toe rated ASTM F2413-11 moisture-wicking lining construction leather/nylon/synthetic upper oil- and slip-resistant rubber sole details lace up removable cushioned insole
Comfy and soft, our pants will look and feel great on baby. ●    includes 2 pair of pants●    covered elastic waistbands with drawstring●    ribbed cuffs●    100% cotton●    washable●    imported  
Our dolman top and cami combo features an intricate crochet back with a butterfly neck and smocked hem that's cute and casual includes cami flutter sleeves polyester  hand wash, line dry imported
An absolute kitchen essential, the Versailles salt and pepper shakers feature large capacities that require filling less often, whether during cooking or at the dining table.    beautiful fleur de lis design handcrafted by skilled artisans warm antique copper finish over iron coordinates with other Versailles pieces sold separately 2-piece set includes: 3¾ x2¾ x4¼H salt shaker 3¾ x2¾ x4¼H pepper shaker Iron. Wipe clean with damp cloth and hand dry. Imported.
This reversible anchor belt can go from brown to black.   reversible 32mm wide polyurethane/bonded leather/polyester spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Xersion slim-fit active pants are a year-around staple for every woman on the move.   tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric no-chafe seams UV protection credit card pocket 31½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Our sleeveless fit-and-flare dress is the perfect amount of pretty with its lovely floral print. scoopneck sleeveless exposed back zipper 38 length from shoulder cotton/spandex washable imported
Watch heads turn when you walk in the room in our sleeveless allover lace fit-and-flare dress, which offers a fun and flowy style. scoopneck back zip nylon/rayon polyester lining hand wash, dry flat imported
Keep your workout going strong in these print compression capris with Quick-Dri moisture wicking fabric and no chafe seams for lasting comfort. key pocket in waistband 1 elastic waistband with drawcord 19½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Encased in genuine leather, this pad-arm loveseat and chaise sectional is cushioned with multiple layers of breathable fabric and foam for luxurious, enduring comfort and support.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery cushions feature a bonded polyester comfort layer and are filled with high-resiliency upholstery foam elastic webbing in seat and back offers consistent suspension chip-resistant plastic feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Imported. 2-piece sectional measures 84Wx98Dx35H overall with a 19 seat height, 22 seat depth and 18 seat back height and includes: Right-arm chaise: 60Wx30Dx35H Left-arm loveseat: 54Wx38Dx35H All colors are Custom Order except Metro Dark Brown. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.
The perfect blend of sophisticated comfort, our short-sleeve layered top is likely to become an everyday favorite. crewneck short sleeves foldover collar approx. 23-26½ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Make an elegant statement in an entryway or other area of your home with the Gabrielle mirrored console table.   mirrored accents throughout beveled glass top center drawer with scalloped front Wood composites/glass/alder wood. Measures 48x24x30H with a 22x18x5H drawer. Assembly required. Imported.
With an easygoing fit and carefree styling, our pull-on pants will serve you well for any adventure your day has in store. elastic waistband back front slash pockets cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported missy: 30½ inseam missy short: 28 inseam
With its shiny stone detail and extra height in the heel, our wedge sandal is the perfect blend of comfort, style and bling. manmade materials comfortable slip-on
Our charming texture knit dress with gently flared silhouette adds girlish whimsy to your everyday look. 36 length from shoulder knit polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Relaxed, dolman-sleeve styling lends an easy-going attitude to our comfortable textured sweater, making it a cool-weather favorite. scoopneck dolman sleeves side slits approx. 23¾ - 25¾ back length solids: cotton/acrylic; machine wash, dry flat metallic colors: cotton/acrylic/other fibers; machine wash, tumble dry and dry flat imported
She will love her lucky little ladybug top and shorts set and will never want to shoo it away. set includes top and shorts roundneck flutter sleeves shorts: elastic back top: cotton/polyester shorts: 100% cotton washable imported
Sturdy and waterproof, these boots are ready for your toughest hikes in any weather. technology waterproof bootie construction leather/synthetic/nylon upper rubber sole details removable EVA insole abrasion-resistant rubber toe for long lasting wear
For a comfortable pair of walking shoes look no further than this Go Walk design featuring a memory foam fit. technology GOga Mat Technology with high-rebound cushioning GO Pillars shock absorbing sole construction textile/synthetic upper EVA sole details fitknit slip-on design memory foam fit  
With ample pockets and an accompanying belt, these relaxed-fit camo cargo pants will suit his style perfectly. adjustable waist zip fly with button closure 2 side pockets 2 cargo pockets 2 back button pockets flat front 100% cotton washable imported
Our Sanibel Island 3/4-sleeve print tunic may take you to the beach to collect seashells or a nice local restaurant for lunch with friends. split v-neck 3/4 sleeves 26½-28 length cotton/polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Give laidback looks a girly boost with these embellished bootcut jeans that offer a refreshing break from classic denim style. 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure heavy stitching rhinestones and sequins on back pockets cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
The dri-FIT moisture wicking technology of this graphic tee gives you the option of working out or lounging comfortably on a lazy day.   dri-FIT crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Put this elegant rectangular rug anywhere in your home for a beautiful update. It's soft and luxurious with a traditional design and color palette that will complement your current decor.   power-loomed polypropylene crafted in Belgium .393 pile height        Stain Resistant: Yes      Fade Resistant: No      Slip Resistant: No      Fire Retardant: Yes      Rug Pad Recommended: Yes      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Spot clean      Origin: Imported
Easily adapt to ever-changing conditions in this fleece quarter-zip, featuring the breathable warmth of Therma-FIT and a move-easy design. brushed Therma-FIT fabric helps keep you warm and insulated mesh-lined mockneck quarter zip long sleeves left chest Swoosh embroidery polyester washable imported
  A 2 kitten heel lends demure, office-appropriate styling to these must-have pumps. Experience the classy look of the Dimperial pumps, along with the comfort you've come to expect, from A2 by Aerosoles.   synthetic upper 2 stacked kitten heel cushioned footbed rubber sole
These classic bikini panties are incredibly soft and ideal for comfortable everyday wear.       package of 3 modal/spandex washable imported
Glam up your look with the elaborately embroidered and sequined back yoke and pockets of our flattering denim jeans. 5-pocket styling cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
In gleaming 10K yellow gold, our aquamarine ring shows off flirty faceting and a halo of sparkling white sapphires, rendering a contemporary yet feminine look.Metal: 10K yellow goldStones: 6mm round genuine aquamarineOther Stones: Round lab-created white sapphiresSetting: ProngGallery Height: 24.25mmDimensions: 19.4x8.2mmGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Go from work to weekend with ease when you wear our Aztec print jacket dress, featuring a removable 3/4-sleeve jacket that complements our sleeveless dress. includes short-sleeve jacket and sleeveless dress scoopneck 3/4-sleeve jacket with hook-and-eye closure: 18 length sleeveless dress 44½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Lend an elegant touch to your table setting with this superior-quality flatware set featuring a linear design and handles with matte and mirrored finishes. 18/0 stainless steel includes serving pieces and wire storage caddy service for 8 45-piece set includes: 8 salad forks 8 dinner forks 8 dinner knives 8 soup spoons 8 teaspoons serving spoon pierced serving spoon cold meat fork sugar spoon butter knife Stainless steel. Flatware is dishwasher safe
Our Secretly Slender jersey knit leggings feature a compression panel at the waist for extra support that slims your silhouette while keeping you comfortable. mid rise black: cotton/spandex charcoal: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Protect yourself from bed bugs, dust mites and allergens with the Protect-A-Bed® Ultimate Bedding Protection Kit.   all-around polyurethane-backed Miracle Membrane creates a breathable barrier against dust mites, so allergens within the mattress can't reach you mattress is fully encased; reinforced Bug Lock® and Secure Seal® zipper prevents bug entry and escape leak-proof, waterproof barrier prevents mattress from absorbing fluids, particles or stains cool, comfortable sleeping Protection kit includes: AllerZip® mattress encasement Bed Bug Proof box spring encasement two AllerZip® pillow protectors Twin, TwinXL and Full kits include standard pillow protectors; Queen, King and California king kits include queen pillow protectors. King and California king kits include two box spring encasements. Mattress encasement is polyester with polyrethane lining, and fits mattresses up to 18 deep. Box spring encasement is polypropylene; pillow protectors are cotton/polyester with polyurethane lamination. Washable. 10-year manufacturer's warranty on AllerZip® mattress encasement; 5-year warranty on AllerZip® pillow protector. SHIP NOTICE: This item ships from the manufacturer, and is not eligible for free ship-to-store offers. You will be charged upon shipping.
Clean, sleek and anything but basic, remade in an ultra-comfortable stretch fabric, and reformatted in a slim, modern cut.   notch collar 2-button front front flap pockets interior pockets fully lined side vents polyester/viscose/spandex dry clean imported
As a gentle reminder to yourself or someone you, this flower-embellished square plaque encourages uniqueness. Printed with be daring, be different, be original, be you. 4.75x.4.5x2.625 plastic/metal imported
Swaddle your baby in comfort with our hooded cotton romper from OshKosh B'Gosh. short sleeves screen-printed American flag nickel-free snaps at reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
Update your professional wardrobe or add some style to your casual look with our Worthington envelope skirt.   concealed side zipper 29⅝ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Bring a dreamy look into your bedroom with this curtain panel pair featuring a platinum design sprinkled with gold-tone medallions.   bottom hem is weighted 2 side hem; 5 bottom hem lined for an enhanced weight and feel Measures 100x84L. Panels are sold in pairs; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Valance sold separately. 3 rod pocket. Polyester with polyester lining. Dry clean. Imported.
Classic elegance meets modern design. This sophisticated dinnerware set beautifully adorns your table setting with a lattice pattern in rich hues of espresso and cream. durable stoneware construction microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 11 dinner plates four 8 salad plates four 6 soup bowls four 12-ounce mugs Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
true Sporting a bold, dramatic look and state of the art features, this GE® Profile™ free-standing range brings the perfect combination of style and innovation to your kitchen with its edge-to-edge cooktop featuring a reversible cast iron grill and 18K power boil burners. 5.6 cu. ft. oven capacity two extra-large 18K Power Boil burners center oval burner is ideal for griddle or odd-size cookware extra-large, integrated reversible cast iron grill/griddle gas convection oven circulates heat for high-quality results edge-to-edge cooktop gives extra room for pots and pans of all sizes Chef Connect allows you to sync the clocks on your range and over-the-range microwave three adjustable oven racks means more options for oven space self-clean with Steam Clean option heavy duty, dishwasher safe grates
Perfect for comfy daytime play and for cozy sleep at night, these footed pajamas by Carter's are a must-have for your little one's wardrobe. worry-free safety tab snaps from ankle to chin allover print cotton/polyester washable imported For child’s safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire. Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
You’ll be on the move in comfort in our relaxed-fit mesh capris. relaxed fit side tape and piping details straight legs 23½ inseam polyester washable imported
Her feet will look great and feel even better in our bold Skecher sneakers.  technology Skech Knit mesh gel-infused memory foam construction textile upper rubber sole details graphic ombre quarter lace up
Easy-match style at a school-approved length is easy with these cute bermuda shorts, featuring an adjustable waist, tie sash and back-pocket detailing. adjustable waist cotton/polyester washable imported
Features: Dual beep alarm with automatic stop and snooze, calendar, thermometer, dial light Battery Operated: Yes, 2 AA batteries required Base Material: Black plastic Dimensions: 127x58.4x88.9mm
The generous six-quart size of this jumbo cooker gives you the versatility to fry chicken, throw together a quick stir-fry or whip up a batch of spaghetti sauce with ease. twice as hard as stainless steel for unsurpassed heat distribution and durability unique belly shape provides enhanced heat and moisture circulation tempered glass lid has a stainless steel rim and allows you to monitor cooking without losing moisture or flavor silicone handles are double riveted for durability and stay cool to the touch helper handle makes it easier to move cooker around the kitchen impact-bonded 18/0 stainless steel base is suitable for use on induction, gas, ceramic top and electric ranges oven safe to 350ºF 6-quart capacity Aluminum, stainless steel, glass and silicone. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
  Ten links with an image of Our Lady of Guadalupe complete this tri-color gold bracelet. Made in America.   Metal: 10K tri-color gold Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 7.5 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring layers and layers of plush cushioning and a Euro pillow top, this mattress set conforms to your body for an airy feeling throughout the night.   667 Stability™ innerspring system 2 WonderSoft™ layer provides ultimate softness Gel OrthoZone® II foam promotes a cool sleeping environment 1 SuperSoft SealyFoam® and 1 SealyFoam layers add superior softness Versare inner panel enhances the softness of adjoining layers ½ memory foam layer conforms to your body for support and comfort FlameGuard™ fiber features fire-resistant technology SolidEdge™ HD system gives you a stable seating edge DuraTech™ foundation provides consistent support and durability Cover is polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring/foundation. Foundation measures 9H; mattress set measures 23H when stacked. Split Queen, King and Cal. King mattress sets feature 2-piece side-by-side foundations for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x75x14H; 405 coil count Twin XL: 38x80x14H; 420 coil count Full: 54x75x14H; 567 coil count Queen: 60x80x14H; 667 coil count King: 76x80x14H; 841 coil count Cal. King: 72x84x14H; 868 coil count
Sure to lure in anyone who loves to fish, this lure-themed tumbler’s convenient design will have you hooked on Tervis tumblers. made from extremely durable, BPA-free Tritan™ material double-wall technology reduces condensation designed to keep beverages cold or hot longer freezer safe includes travel lid 16-ounce capacity Plastic. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
Simply elegant with an easy-read dial, this watch goes seamlessly from day into night.   Brand: Timex Dial Color: White Strap: Black leather Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 35mm Case Thickness: 8mm Model No.: T2H2919J Special Features: Date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our pretty St. John's Bay peasant shirt gets a modern splash of color and pattern to give it a fresh new look.   v-neck 3/4 sleeves with gathering approx. 27 length rayon machine wash, line dry imported
With a rounded toe and a bow embellishment, these mid height pumps are great for a night out. cotton upper 2.35” heel cushioned insole textile sole
Our twill pants from U.S. Polo are perfect for school uniforms or simply looking snazzy. zip fly with hook and eye closure 2 front pockets flat front plaid inside waistband cotton/polyester washable imported
Set your sights on the target with this sport watch, designed with the outdoors in mind. Its camouflage silicone strap and durable construction are rugged enough to see you through overnight camping, bush whacking or nature watching. Brand: Mossy Oak Dial Color: Black Strap: Multicolor silicone Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 44mm Case Thickness: 16.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 10 long; 1 wide Model No.: MOW038BK-OR Special Features: Stopwatch; date display; alarm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Super blended broadcloth makes this long-sleeve dress shirt travel great and give you one less item on your worry list. point collar with rounded cuff button front long sleeves Scotchgard® treatment cotton/polyester washable imported
Look chic and get some cover from the sun with our pretty polka dot floppy brim hat.  paper straw spot clean imported
Keep your spices organized and close at hand with this compact spice rack. It includes 18 jars for you to fill with your favorites. chrome rack holds 18 jars in one small, convenient space clear base lets you easily view contents 5-ounce capacity jars include perforated shaker caps and chrome-plated lids spices not included Chrome/glass. Each jar measures 1¾x1¾x3¾H; rack measures 11⅝x3⅜x7½H. Hand wash. Imported.
Make a brilliant opening statement with this bracelet watch and its amazing sparkle. A durable mineral crystal protects the dial from scratches.   Brand: Peugeot Dial Color: Black Accents; Crystals on dial, bezel and links Strap: Silver-tone brass Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 16mm wide Model No.: 7097S Special Features: Date display; mineral crystal   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Wrap up in the pure, all-natural fluffy down of this comforter featuring a 100% cotton cover for added softness and durability.   diamond box provides maximum loft hypoallergenic 230 thread-count cotton cover Cotton with down fill. Dry clean. Made in America of imported materials. Twin: 63x86; 18-ounce fill weight Full/Queen: 86x86; 25-ounce fill weight King: 101x86; 29-ounce fill weight
Brand: SimplifyDial Color: BlackStrap: Black leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 40mmCase Thickness: 13mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.25 long; 18mm wideModel No.: SIM2701 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Take your casual shoe game up a notch with these handsome suede chukka boots and their versatile design. construction suede upper EVA sole details lace up dual-comfort memory foam footbed
Mix our flattering hipster swim bottoms with your favorite swim tops for the freshest look at the beach. fully lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Her favorite mouse is perfectly charming in this 10K yellow gold over sterling silver necklace, featuring a personalized dog tag and Minnie Mouse charm.   Metal: 10K yellow gold over sterling silver Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 cable chain with 2 extender Dimensions: .44 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Reach for the Cake Boss two-piece set of silicone baking mats every time you bake for fun and easy cookie making, just like the Boss!   durable, professional-quality silicone mats are the ideal pan liners for baking and cookie sheets, so there's no need for aerosol sprays, pan greasing or parchment paper each mat features convenient measurement markings to take the guesswork out of baking use these as a handy and versatile work surface for rolling pastry and cookie doughs, and help to protect countertops for decorating cupcakes and other treats crafted from flexible, durable silicone, favored by bakers for its functionality and dependability perfectly sized for standard cookie sheets and baking pans, with convenient measurement lines along both sides heat safe to 450°F includes two 9¼x13¾ silicone baking mats Silicone. Top-rack dishwasher safe. Imported.  
What it is:A limited-edition eye shadow palette created and developed with Gwen Stefani and loaded with her 15 must-have shades.What it does:In a true creative partnership, Gwen Stefani and Urban Decay created the Urban Decay Gwen Stefani Eyeshadow Palette. Wende Zomnir—co-founder of Urban Decay—and her product development team spent countless hours at Gwen’s house, talking makeup and working closely with her on every detail of this palette—from the case to the amazing shades. These eye shadows were carefully created with Gwen Stefani, filling a void by creating the exact shades she always wished she had in her collection. This palette features her 15 must-have shades of eye shadow, including 12 never-seen-before colors and three that are from the Urban Decay shadow collection. With the ultimate range of neutrals and a few jewel tones to mix things up, this is Gwen Stefani’s go-to kit to create her most iconic looks. With these shades in your beauty wardrobe, you’ll have everything you need to recreate these signature looks for yourself. Each eye shadow in this palette is formulated with Urban Decay’s Pigment Infusion System™, the proprietary blend of ingredients that gives every shade its velvety texture, rich color, serious staying power, and blendability.This palette contains:- 15 x 0.04 oz Eye shadow in Blonde (pale beige/pink iridescent shift), Bathwater (pale beige with gold pearl), Skimp (pale nude satin), Steady (medium rose/metallic gold shift), Punk (reddish brown matte), Baby (cool metallic rose), Anaheim (light taupe-brown matte), Stark (nude-pink matte), Zone (medium brown matte), Serious (smoky gray with iridescent floating pearl), Pop (pale coral with iridescent sparkle), Harajuku (metallic blue-pink/iridescent micro-shimmer), Danger (deep metallic royal blue/blue micro-sparkle), 1987 (bright metallic yellow-gold), Blackout (blackest black matte)What it is formulated WITHOUT:- ParabensWhat else you need to know:Gwen Stefani had a hand in everything, including the case, which was inspired by her love of black-and-white graphic prints and antique gold accents. She also handpicked most of the shade names, which were inspired by her songs. There’s even a nod to the No Doubt song “Magic’s in the Makeup” on the palette’s huge mirror.Size:15 x 0.04 ozIngredients:Matte, Satin, ShimmerPressed powder
With a super soft feel and sporty-chic styling, our athletic skort with curved side-vent hem will quickly become your go-to favorite. elastic waistband with drawstring double welt pockets skirt: approx. 17½ - 18¾ length; polyester short: 5 inseam; cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
With a smart mix of geometric and damask prints, the Dartmouth comforter set brings a tasteful look to your bedroom.   geometric and damask prints in brown, red and ivory soft brushed fabric on back decorative pillows coordinate beautifully with comforter 7-piece comforter set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop 3 decorative pillows Queen set includes two standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include two king shams.  Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt. Washable. Polyester pillows with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. Queen comforter: 90x90 King comforter: 104x92 Cal. King comforter: 104x92 Decorative pillows: 18x18, 16x16, 18x12 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Featuring classic gladiator styling, our strappy sandals are the perfect finishing touch for her warm-weather look. synthetic upper rubber sole
Ultra-feminine, this cultured freshwater pearl necklace sparkles with a diamond-accent butterfly.   Metal: Sterling silver Pearl Type: Cultured freshwater pearls Pearl Color: White Pearl Size: 12x8mm, 5mm Stones: Diamond accents Closure: Fish hook Length: 18 Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Get ready for rainy weather in our slip-resistant rain boots, featuring silver-tone brass belt buckles and gold chain details for a classic look.   ●    rubber upper with 100% brass buckles●    1 heel●    14.5 shaft height●    15 shaft circumference●    silver-tone brass buckles●    gold-tone chain details●    round toe●    slip-resistant rubber sole  
The natural look of water gives these shaping pads a comfortable, flexible appearance and feel. filled with a mixture of water and oil adds a full size to bustline fits inside any bra or swimsuit can be used to lift from the bottom, rotate to side for cleavage, or flipped out top of bra cotton/polyester hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #J5104
This Woolrich reversible beanie gives you a couple of looks to match with other cool weather gear. reversible acrylic/cotton/wool/nylon washable imported
true Relish an attractive appearance and full stainless steel interior with this high-performing dishwasher that offers 65% more wash power and cabinet depth installation for a clean, flush appearance that blends in with cabinetry. ENERGY STAR® qualified 48 dBA with status indicator on the door full-extension, smooth glide upper rack that fully extends on ball bearings easy touch adjustable upper rack with 2 Stem Safe shelves that can move moved 2 inches up or down to accommodate tall glassware and 10½ plates lower rack with adjustable tines and Wash Your Way customizable rack 3-piece silverware basket and dedicated silverware jets wash zones allow you to wash a true half-load in either the upper or lower rack with the same cycles available on a full wash 3-digit countdown display with delay start sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes rinse aid indicator light signals when rinse aid is low Steam PreWash loosens tough soils so you don't have to pre-rinse Piranha™ hard food disposer with removable filter pulverizes food particles to prevent clogging 65% more wash power compared to other GE models Floor Protect with Alert Technology easily detects uncommon leaks hidden vent with fan that circulates air to remove moisture 
Enjoy a great cardio workout in the comfort of your own home with this effective recumbent bike featuring a variety of easy-to-use features to help you stay motivated. smooth, quiet magnetic resistance InTouch® monitor with large, easy-to-read numbers tracks time, speed, distance and calories monitor also scans stats with simple, one-button control oversized, weighted pedals padded and wrapped vinyl seat adjusts to multiple positions comfortable covered handrails convenient rolling for portability leveling stabilizer caps for uneven surfaces 250-pound weight capacity Steel/vinyl. Measures 24x50x33½H. Assembly required. Imported.
She'll love slipping into these Levi's shorts for a comfy, hassle-free look. 5-pocket styling adjustable waist 3 inseam button-and-zip closure ramie/cotton/spandex washable imported
Kick back into the comfort of a beanbag chair.   ideal for reading, watching TV, studying or relaxing with friends denim is double-stitched for durability handy side pocket for remotes, MP3 players and cell phones small (84), medium (105) and large (128) beanbags are round wide range of colors Cotton/polyester; polystyrene bead fill. Measurements stated are circumferences. Shake to fluff. Spot clean. USA.
A sun-sational look at the beach or by the pool, our geometric print tankini swim top is a perfectly flattering, getaway-ready look. adjustable straps soft cups partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Add some style to your casual look with our double buckle strap boots designed to start some small talk. polyurethane upper inside zipper double metal buckle straps thermoplastic rubber sole
Give your business style a modern makeover with this blended broadcloth in a sleek and slim fit. easy-care performance specially sewn seams lay flat, resist puckering spread collar button front long sleeves adjustable cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
Whether you're layering on a little or a lot, the satin finish in this square-edge stackable ring offers an eye-catching shine that's sure to get noticed. Sleek and simple in black rhodium-plated sterling silver, mix-and-match with additional favorite stack rings for your own customized look.   Metal: Black rhodium-plated sterling silver Width: 3.5mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
true Get the convenience of convection cooking with this over-the-range microwave oven. The convection setting can be chosen when baking or browning is desired. And, it's easy too: just set the controls to the recipe and the oven automatically converts it to proper convection settings. 1.7 cu. ft. capacity 1000 microwave Watts 3-speed, 300-CFM Vortex venting system quickly removes smoke, steam and odors sensor cooking controls automatically adjusts time and power easy-set control dial to adjust time and temperature removable oven rack
A modern, streamlined silhouette combines with all-day comfort to make these slip-on shoes an easy-to-wear choice for your busy life. technology super light Cloud Steppers technology reduces step shock OrthoLite® cushioned footbed absorbs impact and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction nubuck upper flexible EVA sole rolls you effortlessly into the next step details soft fabric lining surrounds the foot in comfort
Bath-time's never been this fun with our set of Disney Princess play figures. includes 6 Disney princess bath toys toys have sealed hole so water does not enter includes resealable bag plastic wipe clean imported
Drape your window in lustrous elegance—creating a luxurious atmosphere—with this lovely curtain panel. 3 rod pocket textured feel Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Metal: Silver-tone metalClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 16 long chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Silver-plated tie bar, with black enamel inlay, is a sleek way to elevate your style.   clip closure 2 x ¼ silver-plated base metal/enamel clean with polishing cloth imported
Combining classic style with eye-catching bling, this sterling silver ring is breathtaking with a round lab-created aquamarine prong-set in a cushion-cut frame. White topaz accents lend the perfect finish.Metal: Sterling silverStone: 5mm round lab-created aquamarineOther Stones: Genuine white topazGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These handsome, classic wool tuxedo pants have effortless style, perfect for formal events where a standard suit won’t do.   big & tall fit wool polyester lining to the knees dry clean only imported
Whimsical embroidered floral medallions give this comforter set a cute look for someone special in your home. scalloped ribbon appliqué cotton/polyester with polyester fill washable twin comforter: 66x86 full comforter: 78x88 imported 2-piece twin sets include: comforter sham 3-piece full sets include: comforter 2 shams Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin and full sets include standard sham(s).
Fix the fading, dryness, damage and curl pattern loss that occurs with color-treated hair with this hydrating conditioner that detangles and makes hair easier to style without stripping away your color. And, it’s light enough to use daily and is also perfect as a co-wash. shea butter, calendula extract and biotin strengthens and softens hair when it's wet so there are fewer snags, snaps and tugs contains lavender, rosemary, sage, nettle, sweet clover and wild rose for all types of dry, color-treated hair no sulfates, parabens, petroleum, mineral oil or artificial colors made in America   How to use: After shampooing, work thoroughly into wet hair. Massage gently into your scalp and hair, especially the ends. Leave in your hair for 3 to 5 minutes and rinse well.   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Four dual spinners and a retractable handle make traveling from airports to hotels effortless. 2 exterior compartments 4 interior compartments dual spinners retractable handle Polyester with polyester lining. Measures 19x8½x28”H weighs 10.2 pounds. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Leave it to Dickies to reinvent the jogger, bringing workwear durability and wrinkle resistance to a laidback style that does everyday comfort just right. in brushed stretch twill for softness and active comfort wrinkle resistant constructed waistband sits below waist regular fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure side-seam pockets back welt pockets flat front tapered leg 32 inseam banded ankle cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Head to the yoga studio in our leggings, featuring a cropped style and allover print for an eye-catching athletic look. pieced elastic waistband mid rise 22 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
This travel journal has a sophisticated look while being durable at the same time. It is designed with 2 interior pockets, a pen loop and a writing tablet. It's perfect for that last-minute meeting or presentation. journal-size portfolio contemporary design 2 interior pockets pen loop writing tablet faux leather wipe clean with a soft cloth 9½x6½x¾ imported
The classic simplicity of the Chloe rocker will fit well with almost any nursery décor.   padded arms for comfort when nursing or soothing baby sealed ball bearing mechanism for smooth, quiet rocking and swiveling long-wearing seat cushions remove for spot cleaning microfiber fabric optional matching ottoman glides with chair for superior comfort solid hardwood/polyester fill rocker measures 30½x36x38½H; ottoman is 24x19x17H some assembly required; instructions included made in America Rocker and ottoman sold separately.
Look your best at formal occasions with this regular-fit tuxedo jacket from JF J. Ferrar. Featuring a notch collar, side vents and the classic satin-trimmed lapel, this is a jacket you’ll be proud to show off.   big & tall fit notch collar side vents satin lapel 3 exterior pockets jacket and pants: polyester/viscose/LYCRA® spandex dry clean only imported
Our Worthington pants are a delightful dressy option for those days when you want to look your best and still feel fabulous. •    2 front pockets, 2 faux back pockets•    slim fit•    30 inseam•    cotton/spandex•    washable•    imported
Whether you’re on the first or second shift, these rugged work boots are the first line of defense between your feet and a daily pounding of the elements. technology Climasphere sock liner wicks away moisture construction nubuck upper nylon mesh lining rubber sole details lace up 6 shaft height slip and oil resistant Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
    Fun, funky or inspirational: No matter your choice, your quirky-cute style gets a big boost with a colorful decorative pillow.     soft microfiber fabric measures 18x18   Polyester cover with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.  
Update your casual wardrobe with our sleeveless hoodie, featuring a colorful graphic print for a cool athletic look. roundneck sleeveless hood with drawstring 25 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Dressed in his space ranger suit, Buzz Lightyear action figure is waiting to blast off with your biggest Disney fan. Push the magic button and Buzz will call out one of his classic phrases from Toy Story.    fully articulated with poseable joints speaks 12 English and 11 Spanish phrases laser light and sound effects wing tips, housing and wrist light up button activates karate chop ANDY written on one foot, just like in the movie 12 tall plastic 3 AAA batteries included for ages 3+ imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – contains small parts. Not for children under 3 years.  
She will love showing off this kids watch, featuring Belle and Rapunzel on the dial and a pink printed nylon strap.   Brand: Disney Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Pink nylon Clasp: Fast strap Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50mm Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long, 16mm wide Model No.: W001699 Special Features: Easy read dial   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
All the quality and details of the original 501® jean, made from rigid denim that you finish yourself. Keep it dark and clean by washing as little as possible or repeat washings to fade them to your liking.    matching big & tall web id: 5834950 sits at waist button fly straight leg, 17 opening extra room in the seat classic 5-pocket styling cotton washable imported Special Ordering InstructionsDenim will shrink approximately 10%.Add 1 to waist size for waists 27-36.Add 2 to waist size for waists 38-40.
Brighten your home with a fun, practical washable rug.   whimsical designs in bold, vibrant colors framed by a checkered border easy-care rug is perfect in a kitchen or mudroom 19x32 Polyester/acrylic with cotton/polyester backing. 8-10mm loop pile range. Washable. Imported.
Comfort meets function with our all-weather, waterproof leather oxford shoes, boasting a street-smart contemporary style and superior comfort benefits. technology Strike Back™ gel heel pads provide additional cushioning during heel strike strobel construction ABS shank supports the mid-foot arch area construction full-grain leather upper synthetic sole details lace up seam sealed at all stitch locations to prevent water penetration padded collar leather quarter and tongue lining with fabric vamp lining for climate control comfort removable, leather covered contoured soft cushions EVA footbed provides cushioning underfoot PDAC approved 
Curvy-fit stretch twill trousers from Lee Modern Series are designed to complement your curves, with figure-flattering details built right in.   sits just below waist tilted rise is lower in front and higher in back to keep you covered unique pattern shape gives the appearance of a slimmer silhouette advanced no-gap waistband bends with you while hugging your curves bootcut leg; 19 opening button-and-zip fly front slant pockets back welt pockets black, caramel, imperial, chalky: cotton/spandex sateen black rinse: cotton/polyester/spandex denim indigo rinse: cotton/polyester/spandex slub denim white: cotton/spandex woodspice and mulberry brown: cotton/spandex sateen washable imported petite: 29 inseam misses: 32 inseam
Poke a little fun at the Internet cat craze with this feline-filled graphic tee. crewneck short sleeves cotton washable imported
Make your business casual style wrinkle-free with this easy-care performance dress shirt from Stafford. wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering treated with stain release and repel Scotchgard™ technology point collar chest pocket comfort-stretch collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable adjustable cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported more sizes available: regular, fitted, athletic, big, extra tall
Show off your shape in our embellished fit-and-flare dress. v-neck sleeveless 35 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our sleeveless fun and flirty dress features a pleated neck and a contrast belt that shows off your shapeliness.   ●    pleated neck●    sleeveless●    button closure in back●    33½ length from shoulder●    lined●    polyester●    machine wash, line dry●    imported  
Toscana rugs will help you spice up your kitchen with a taste of Italy.   plushy softness underfoot heat-set construction for long-lasting color wedge rug has non-skid latex backing and washable rectangle rugs have action back to protect floor underneath Tufted nylon. Washable. 13/32 pile height. Wedge is washable; rectangles are spot clean. Made in America.
Zip it up and watch the inches disappear in this maximum control girdle.   back support tummy control thigh slimming can attach garters (not included) nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Keep your fun and flirty style going strong in our wedge sandals with zipper edge trim for a twist on this classic shoe. textile upper 4¼ heel zipper edge detail silver-tone hardware synthetic lining textile sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND
Elaborate filigree sterling silver mixes with brilliant gemstones to give you a vintage-look ring. Choose birthstones meaningful to you to create your unique stackable mix. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Genuine round white topaz Setting: Prong Width: 3mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Travel in style with our hardsided set featuring adjustable handles, smooth wheels and a scratch-resistant finish in a highly durable shell to protect your belongings. hardshell 2 interior compartments 4 spinner wheels self-locking retractable handles nylon zipper divider plastic top and side handles add-a-bag straps outer shell: ABS hardshell inner lining: polyester wipe gently with damp cloth imported 2-piece set includes: 24 upright spinner: 24x16x10.5; weighs 8 pounds 28 upright spinner: 28x18.5x11.5; weighs 9.5 pounds
Go big on style while staying slim on fit in our classic, slim-leg pants. 5-pocket styling arctic wash: cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex orion wash: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 31½ inseam misses short: 29 inseam misses long: 34 inseam petite: 27½ inseam petite short: 25½ inseam
A cute bow is the perfect accent to these special occasion pumps.  synthetic upper 4 heel height PVC sole
The self-locking system on this coffee carousel gives you a modern, appealing way to organize your pods without worrying about them falling out.   organizes up to 30 pods at a time compact design will fit on your counter black finish and chrome accents coordinate with most kitchens Plastic. Measures 7.28x7.28x13.19H. Hand wash. Imported.
Featuring a grooved side for capturing juices and a flat side for cutting, this laser-etched cutting board is a great addition to any kitchen. bamboo 18x12 hand wash imported
Our classic peep-toe fisherman sling is a staple for your warm weather wardrobe.   polyurethane upper super soft upper with custom comfort memory foam footbed adjustable Velcro™ closure super flex rubber sole
Feel and look confident in these classic high-heeled sandals featuring three wide straps and a chunky heel. synthetic upper and outsole unlined for soft wear versatile chunky-heeled sandal
Our attractively draped Worthington cardigan lets you layer with confidence and comfort. long sleeves approx. 27¾ length rayon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Lee® comfort-fit jeans feature a hidden comfort waistband and are designed to move with you through the day and not bag out at the waist as you wear them. sits at waist high rise relaxed fit through seat and thighs straight legs button-and-zip fly embroidered back pockets 32 inseam comfort denim cotton/LYCRA® spandex washable imported
Our print henley tunic will have you tackling your busy day in style. approx. 23½ - 25 length cotton/acrylic washable imported
Stafford feather edge reversible belt is like having two belts in one to enhance your wardrobe.   leather black/brown reversible sides 1¼ stitched feather edge stained edges polished gunmetal finish buckle dress tip imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Featuring unadorned details with straight and curved lines, this bed and nightstand add contemporary style to any bedroom. mahogany and engineered wood construction butt-joint joinery nightstand has 1 drawer and 1 shelf chest has 5 drawers bed: 43Wx82Dx44H nightstand: 18Wx16Dx24H assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed imported
Striped border wrap is an easy way to jumpstart your look. 35x72 + 2 fringe rayon dry clean imported
Our Bisou Bisou scuba skirt is the go-anywhere skirt you've always wanted. mid rise elastic waistband slim fit approx. 26½ length polyester/spandex lining: polyester washable imported
Our Liz Claiborne tankini swim top gives you a fresh, new approach to fun in the sun.   high halterneck removable, built-in bra nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
Delicate lace accents lend feminine charm to this comfy duster robe from Adonna short sleeves snap-front closure 43½ long cotton/polyester washable imported 
Relax, work around the house or go for a run in our comfortable jogger pants.  relaxed fit drawstring waist 2 front pockets rayon/spandex washable imported
Our tall storage baskets will help you stay organized while fitting in with the décor of your home. hand woven cutout handles set of 2 bacbac/metal 18x14x10H wipe clean imported
The extra-wide 31 Santana LX is the ultimate oversized memory foam massage table. With a wonderful 3 cushion of multi-layer Small Cell Foam™—which includes a generous layer of memory foam—throughout the entire bed, it's a luxurious and comfortable table for your clients.   frame and bed plywood are CARB Compliant for user safety supports 1,500 pounds Auto-Lock™ leg system sets up strong in seconds mountain red upholstery is strong yet soft to the touch, oil-proof and waterproof, emits no toxic odors and has strong denim-like reinforcement backing for extra durability Shiatsu cable release allows for table to be laid flat on the floor Reiki leg panels are twice as thick as normal legs for added strength elm hardwood legs have a rich, high-gloss Dura-Seal™ finish numbered leg adjustment holes allow for accurate and easy height adjustment nonskid, non-marking foot pads keep the table in place Duo-Plane™ center hinges assure strength at the table center nylon leg buffers keep the wood legs squeak and wobble free leg-brace stabilizer bar adds strength and aids table opening and closing unbreakable clevis block leg attachments guarantee rigidity dual soft-touch leg-lock knobs offer easy grip, safety and stability perfect for bariatric customers double luggage-style table closure clasps table weighs 35 pounds Includes: matching leg comfort bolster carrying case with two pockets for accessories and the bolster face form sculptured Ergonomic Dream™ adjustable face cradle with pillow contoured armrest shelf which is strong and thickly padded for client comfort 75 soft microfiber disposable face pillow covers A Walk with Nature massage mood 4-disc CD set Wood/foam. Measures 84Wx31Dx24-34H. Wipe clean. Imported.    
Give your style variety beyond the usual solids and stripes with this lightweight cotton shirt from IZOD, featuring your choice of eye-catching prints. button front left chest pocket long sleeves rounded hem cotton washable imported
Keep your essentials organized and close at hand with our style-savvy clutch wallet. top tab with magnetic snap closure synthetic/leather exterior zip pocket 4 interior slip pockets, 11 credit card slots, zip pocket and checkbook cover 4½Hx7¼Wx1½D imported
Layer on the warmth without missing a beat in this polar fleece jacket from Xersion, featuring multiple security pockets for your on-the-go essentials. mockneck vertical chest zip pocket zip handwarmer pockets elastic cuffs and hem polyester washable imported
Your cooking tools will be looking sharp in this natural bamboo tool holder, which brings a warm, decidedly modern look to your countertop.   stable design will hold heavier tools without tipping natural bamboo is easy to maintain bamboo is antimicrobial and inhibits bacterial growth Hand wash. Imported.
  A must-have for every traveling man, Dopp toiletry kits boast a legendary heritage. Antiqued milled cowhide construction will stand up to the rigors of travel.   100% milled leather polyester lining TSA-approved lock measures 10¼x4½x3¾”
Introducing smart socks that adapt to temperature and environment to keep feet dry and comfortable all day. cushioned foot bottom for all-day comfort extra durable reinforced gray heel and toe X-Temp technology adapts to temperature and activity wicking helps keep feet cool & dry mesh panels on top of foot provide ventilation spandex provides better fit and helps sock stay in place cotton/polyester/latex washable sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12 imported
Putting a modern spin on an organic pattern with neutral colors, this rug features metallic accents and a timeless look that will complement your home and your style perfectly. ●    casual pattern easily matched with home décor ●    machine-woven ●    durable polypropylene fiber ●    0.5 pile height, 0.5 overall thickness ●    crafted in Egypt   Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Synthetic Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Yes Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly and spot-clean stains. Professional cleaning recommended periodically. Origin: Imported
It's easy to fall head over heels for the enviable ease and unbeatable style of this colorful marsha dress. roundneck short sleeves embroidered heart-shaped belt buckle bodice: polyester/rayon/spandex skirt: polyester washable imported
Get your gladiator on with our sassy and strappy low-wedge sandals.   polyurethane upper adjustable buckle strap and back zipper approx. 1.29 heel rubber sole
Amp up your breezy beach-day looks with the fabulous details and flirty silhouette of our pushup bandeau swim top. adjustable detachable straps fully lined underwire cups nylon/spandex washable imported
Your ruff-and-tumble boy will stay snuggly warm in this adorable 4-piece set. includes bodysuit, tee, footed pants and cap bodysuit: nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel, long sleeves, embroidered, attached footies tee: expandable shoulders, short sleeves pants: elastic waist, attached footies with dog appliqué cap: embroidered, 3D ears 100% cotton washable imported
Stay comfortable no matter how long you exercise with our skimmies from Jockey that feature wicking technology to keep you cool and dry. quick-dry moisture wicking fabric with mesh panels seamfree design cotton guesset prevents chafing nylon/spandex/cotton washable imported manufacturer's style # 2100  
Step out of the shower and into the soft cotton loops of these durable towels. Not only do they enhance your bathing experience, but they save time with their quick-drying design. resilient, easy-care fabric highly absorbent design includes 2 bath towels, 2 hand towels and 2 washcloths Cotton/polyester. Washable. Imported. Bath towel: 30x54 Hand towel: 16x28 Washcloth: 12x12 Care tip: Some lint may be observed in the first few launderings of towels, and will diminish with each subsequent laundering. This does not affect the look, feel or performance of your towels. Please follow the recommended care instructions on the label and keep the lint trap clean on your dryer.
Whether you're headed to the gym or just out-and-about, our comfortable hooded jacket will provide luxurious warmth with a sweater knit shell bonded to a faux teddy sherpa lining. one-sided anti-pill fabric zip front front zip pockets sleeve thumbholes interior smart pocket and media portal 26 length from shoulder polyester fleece polyester lining washable imported
Make comfort a priority in our easy-going, roll-cuff shorts with a wide overbelly band for comfortable wear through all nine months of your pregnancy. mid rise roll-cuff belly band 8 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Hanes ComfortBlend t-shirts features the perfect combination of softness, durability and shrink-resistance. package of 4 ultra-soft cotton-poly blend dries quickly durable fabric shrinks less than 100% cotton and holds its shape tagless v-neck keeps shape wash after wash cotton/polyester washable imported
Get a great drape in a wrinkle-free cotton blend with the Lux Sateen dress shirt from Van Heusen, your everyday business essential. wrinkle free spread collar with permanent stays button front French placket left chest pocket box pleat back long sleeves adjustable button cuffs shirttail hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Make her feel like royalty with a ½ ct. diamond solitaire ring that features a dazzling, princess-cut diamond.   Metal: 14K white gold Stones: ½ ct. princess diamond Color: I Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 6mm Diamond solitaire weights may vary between .01 and .05 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Uniquely designed with a freeform weave, this beautiful hamper is an intriguing addition to any room in your home. woven seagrass construction rich brown finish removable fabric liner Seagrass basket with a cotton/polyester liner. Measures 18x13x23H. Washable liner. Imported.
The color-blocked design of our essential shorts bring you allover chafe resistant coverage with a tight, supportive fit while the sweat-wicking Dri-FIT fabric, mesh ventilation and adjustable waistband keep you comfortable while you challenge your pace. tight fit mid rise Dri-FIT fabric 3 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
An easygoing style you can count on. This multifunction-inspired boyfriend watch features a bold dial and comfy three-link bracelet for a distinctively feminine feel.   Dial Color: Silver-tone Accents: Crystals on bezel Strap: Silver-tone metal alloy Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 185mm long
Whether worn as a top layer or on its own, this short-sleeve woven shirt from Vans adds fresh style and personality to any outfit. button-down collar short sleeves button front chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported 
Since 1969, Levi's® Trucker jacket has been a classic icon and a staple no closet should live without. Tailored with a slim fit and cropped length, it's the perfect go-to jacket to add an extra bit of edge to any outfit, from your favorite jeans to a dress. Its versatility is endless.   regular fit button flap chest pockets double welt hand pockets 22⅞ center back length double-layer back yoke adjustable back tabs cotton/elastane washable imported  
With their lightweight design and comfortable insole, these sandals are sure to be your go-to pair for warm days. polyester upper memory foam footbed breathable mesh upper rubber sole
Sunshiny days call for the easy-match comfort of these laidback bermuda shorts from Arizona. adjustable elasticized waist zip fly with button closure 8 inseam. Measurements relate to regular size 10, other sizes will vary 5-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported
Soft, slub-stitch joggers from Hollywood have a textured style that’s properly laid back. elastic waist with drawcord gusseted crotch side-seam pockets back welt pockets tapered leg cuffed bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
With gentle support and a breathable design, our Marie Meili soft sports bra is sure to be your go-to choice for low-impact activities.   quick dry fabric full coverage comfort straps wirefree back support polyester/polyamide/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported  
What it is: A supplement that combats the visible signs of aging from the inside by reducing the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles and supporting natural collagen.* What it is formulated to do: This patented complex attacks aging from the inside out. Glucosamine, amino acid complex, and vitamin A work to support natural collagen and connective tissue and allow for healthy cell renewal for the appearance of improved strength, clarity, and tone.* Suggested Usage: -Take two tablets twice daily, preferably with meals or as recommended by your healthcare professional. -For optimal results, partner with appropriate Murad regimen. Precautions: -As you should with any ingestible and especially if you are taking any medication, are pregnant or nursing, please consult your physician prior to use. -Do not use if tamper-evident seal is broken or missing. -Keep out of the reach of children. -Store in a cool, dry place. *These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease. Size:120 TabletsIngredients:Amount Per Serving (% DV)*: -Vitamin A 4000 IU 80% -Vitamin C 218 mg 363% -Vitamin E 90 IU 300% -Niacinamide 40 mg 200% -Vitamin B6 10 mg 500% -Calcium 200 mg 20% -Zinc 12 mg 80% -Selenium 40 mcg 57% -Copper 0.8 mg 40% -Manganese 4 mg 200% Calcium carbonate, ascorbic acid, stearic acid, dl-alpha tocopheryl acetate, microcrystalline cellulose, zinc methionate, silicon dioxide, niacinamide, croscarmellose sodium, manganese ascorbate, magnesium stearate, hydroxypropylcellulose, pyridoxal-5-phosphate monohydrate, L-selenomethionine, copper lysinate, beta carotene, vitamin A palmitate, hypromellose, polydextrose, titanium dioxide, methylcellulose, talc, maltodextrin, medium chain triglycerides-vegetable, glycerin, polysorbate 80, sodium citrate, polyethylene glycol, riboflavin and caramel. Contains Crustacean shellfish (crab/shrimp). *These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure or prevent any disease.
Classic briefs in a soft stretch cotton blend will keep you comfortably covered and confident throughout the day. soft heather cotton blended with polyester and spandex provides great stretch for a great fit non-binding waist and leg construction anchors the garment to the body and provides all-day comfort and freedom from elastics full rear coverage maintains modesty and guarantees no ride up tagless white: cotton/spandex all others: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported manufacturer's style #13316
Our Stafford wrinkle-free oxford dress shirt is a perennial classic that matches equally well with everything from denim to dress trousers. wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering button-down collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked have it monogrammed! more sizes: regular, athletic, big, extra tall cotton/polyester for comfort and durability washable imported
The chain link detail of this men's cobalt band lends modern appeal to your style. Made in America. Metal: Cobalt Width: 8mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This 4-piece layette set, which features a cap, a gown, a bib and a sweet little pair of socks, is perfect for your special little bundle of joy. includes cap, gown, 3-layer bib and socks appliqué and embroidery detail allover print nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel snaps into gown or legs gown, cap and bib: 100% cotton socks: cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported
With your toes in the sand and our soft cotton tee on your back, enjoying the sun will be easy. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Whether you're on a skateboard or just searching for a casual look, our high-top skate shoes keep you in style. canvas/cotton upper lace up padded collar and tongue double stitched for durability vulcanized rubber sole  
Pair this cotton-rich plaid shirt with jeans or trousers for instant grown-up style. tartan plaid print button-down collar long sleeves chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Look cool and casual in our ringer tee, featuring stitching on the hems and a football seam on the chest for a contrasting effect. roundneck cotton/polyester washable imported
A classic tic look from Michael Strahan helps you look your most handsome. zip fly with button closure 2 back and 2 front pockets straight hemmed leg flat-front midrise wool/polyester lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Thin, gold-tone metal embellishments glimmer along the scooped neckline of our super-soft, stretch-knit top.   gently rounded hem rayon/spandex washable imported
Our v-neck T-shirt is an everyday essential that's easy to dress up or down as needed. approx. 31 - 32¼ length 1x1 ribbed knit cotton/modal/spandex washable imported
Diamond bridal ring represents your love with a stunning 1/2 ct. t.w. of princess, round and tapered baguette diamonds in a gorgeous 10K yellow gold setting. Center stones are clustered for the appearance of a larger diamond.   Metal: 10K yellow gold Stones: 1/2 ct. t.w. princess-cut, round and tapered baguette diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Invisible and channel Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Metal: 10K yellow gold Stones: 1/4 ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Gallery Height: 5.49mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
An intricate diamond-cut design travels the full length of this bangle, yielding enormous levels of shine. Crafted of polished 14K white gold with a patented hardening process, this bracelet is more durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. It will also maintain its consistency in color, shine and vibrancy. Hypoallergenic and nickel free.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K white goldClosure: Hinge with push lockDimensions: 5mm wide; 7 long hollow chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Cause major color impact with this ombré shower curtain that features an aqua or orange stripe on textured fabric.   easy-care polyester fabric shower curtain liner recommended Polyester. Measures 72x72L. Washable. Imported.
Play up your urban-chic style in our full-length leggings, featuring an edgy, allover madres print. wide fold-over waistband 28 inseam jersey knit cotton/spandex washable imported
Achieve your best shape in our smooth, barely-there body briefer. nylon/elastane high-waist fit provides all-around smoothing hand wash, dry flat imported manufacturer's style #2059 
This hair dryer is hands free.  Hair Dryer:4 heat/speed settings; hot, warm, low and cool extra-long 4' flexible hose includes concentrator and vent brush attachments easy to travel with; includes compact storage case with handle 400W. Imported.
When you just want a hint of sparkle, these diminutive crystal stud earrings in a swirled sterling silver setting prove that good things come in small packages. Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Crystals Back: Friction Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Light and airy homes, like those you might find along a beach, showcase relaxed living at its best. Martha Stewart knows that no matter where you live, you can make the rooms in your home feel brighter simply by incorporating the right window treatment. Discover the natural beauty of every room in your home with sheers from Martha Stewart.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart easy to hang and slide on a rod 8 round grommets 3 bottom hem; 1 side hem available in a variety of colors MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at jcpenney Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported. 
Sleep cooler and more comfortably with the Sealy temperature control mattress pad. The top fabric is cotton that's specially treated to help wick away moisture. The fill, with its cooling blend, also helps keep you more comfortable. temperature regulating pad keeps you cool SureGrip skirt hugs the mattress for a great fit can be used in combination with feather beds fits mattresses 9-18 deep Cotton top with polyester back and polyester/Tencel fill. Washable. Made in America. Twin: 38x75 Full: 53x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 76x80 Cal. King: 72x84
The bold gray damask pattern of these rugs contrasts against an ivory background for a sophisticated look.   borderless pattern stretches from edge to edge ultra-plush microfiber for softness underfoot woven construction highly durable polyester microfiber ¼ pile height; ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad recommended to improve skid resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly; do not use a beater bar. Spot clean or professionally clean. Origin: Imported 
Whether you're just starting your wine collection or looking for economical, dependable storage, this Classic series wine cellar is the answer. This no-frills, single-zone, freestanding cabinet is effective at protecting your investment with quality wine storing technology. black cabinet and interior LED lighting exterior digital touchscreen with LED display adjustable thermostat quiet energy-efficient performance epoxy-coated metal wine shelves UV-protected glass door holds up to 92 standard-size bottles Metal/glass. Measures 23½x23x48H. Wipe clean. Imported. 
A timeless style, our pleated pants will look good with or without a jacket. zip fly with hook closure 2 side pockets and 2 back pockets pleated front 100% cotton washable imported
Keep it casual, cool and weathered in our destructed jeans from Arizona, featuring a hint of spandex for easy stretch. sits below waist straight fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling bootcut leg cotton/spandex washable imported  
These curtain panels feature a rich textured look that highlights the natural beauty of your window. 3 rod pocket tiebacks included lined for an enhanced weight and feel polyester dry clean 84x84L imported Panels are sold as a 2-pack; stated measurement is combined width of both panels. Valance sold separately.
Our dress features a lace-up neck and a colorful allover print for the perfect boho chic warm-weather look. ●    roundneck●    elbow sleeves●    lace-up neck with drawstring closure●    39 length●    polyester●    washable●    imported  
A standard cut in rich, full color makes these flat-front suit pants ideal for formal occasions or a day at the office.   polyester/rayon dry clean imported
Destruction details give these denim shorts that lived-in, loved look. button and zip closure slim fit 2 scoop pockets, 1 coin pocket and 2 back pockets 5 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Bring out your patriotic side in these red, white and blue flip flops by Dockers. polyurethane/EVA imported
Whether diving for sunken treasure or playing on the swing set, he'll be ready for adventure with our cotton, scuba-print tee. ribbed neckline short sleeves graphic print 100% cotton washable imported
Colorful piqué polo’s tipped, oxford collar adds refinement to your everyday looks. tipped, lay-flat collar 3-button placket tennis tail with side vents cotton washable imported
Crafted in durable 600D polyester with full insulation and heat sealed lining, this easy-carry storage bag is the perfect way to keep your bottles cool on the go. Have your bag embroidered for a personal touch. includes wine bottle cooler storage bag and metal bottle opener may be embroidered with a block initial inside a square design in white thread at no additional cost holds up to 12 bottles or 18 cans adjustable shoulder strap with 50 extender 2 padded carrier handles front pocket storage heat sealed insulation 10½x 7½x 9½ H exterior: 600D polyester and faux-leather trim interior: PEVA lining spot clean imported
Our Nike Comfort Slide 2 sandals are sporty and comfortable—perfect for the pool or whenever you're on the go.   construction synthetic/leather upper synthetic/rubber sole details adjustable self-adhesive closure memory foam footbed for enhanced comfort Nike Free-inspired articulated outsole
The long lean look of our maxi dress is still a must have for every season with a flattering profile that fits all occasions. halter neck with keyhole sleeveless approx. 55¾ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported  
Are you slim, but want jeans that fit without that skinny jean look? Then check out the Levi’s 511 Slim Fit jeans: proof that you can have a close fit with plenty of comfort. Mix skinny with straight, add a dash of stretch, and you get a tailored fit from hip to thigh to ankle. Hangs from your hips with no extra bagginess in the legs or seat.   sits below waist slim fit through seat and thigh slightly tapered legs rigid gray, black stretch, dark hollow, broken oyster and sequoia: 99% cotton/1% elastane light poly: 54% cotton/46% polyester rinsed playa, pumped up, broken iron and true chino: 98% cotton/2% elastane throttle: 98.83% cotton/1.17% elastane andora twill: 100% cotton washable imported
Form meets ultimate function and space with the Deluxe Duffel Diaper Bag by Trend Lab. This spacious diaper bag features several organizational pockets, a durable wipe-off exterior, sophisticated style and extreme versatility. coordinating changing pad  dirty duds zippered pouch adjustable removable stroller straps can attach to stroller top handle straps top zip closure durable polyester coordinating gray lining 2 extra-large and 2 smaller exterior zipper pockets 2 side bottle pockets  6 interior organizational pockets durable hardware 12Hx16Wx3D imported spot clean with a damp cloth
Bake layer after layer of delicious cakes for birthdays and other special occasions with the Cake Boss 8 round cake pan. It's crafted from heavy-duty, folded aluminized steel to make baking easier and the results more enjoyable for bakers of all levels.   heavy-duty, folded aluminized steel resists corrosion and warping rolled, wire-reinforced rims provide added strength and easier grip long-lasting, nonstick coating and quilted surface resist wear, promote even heat distribution and beautiful browning with superb release oven safe to 450°F Aluminized steel. Hand wash. Imported.  
A crochet band across the neckline and an off-the-shoulder style gives our printed top a look you'll love. straightneck long sleeves 26 length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
These Arizona shorts give you that rare combination of comfort with easy care. classic fit zipper fly 2 front slant pockets 2 back pockets 10 ¼ inseam 100% cotton washable imported
The comfort of this quick dry polo keeps you cool in any casual occasion. 3-button placket cotton/polyester washable imported
Pep up your warm-weather look with our wedge sandals, with beaded straps that will bring some fun to the sun. elastic/polyester upper 4” heel beaded straps open toe rubber sole
It's pockets galore on this crossbody bag featuring slide and zipper pockets inside and outside of the bag for storing all your favorite necessities. detachable, adjustable crossbody strap, 22 drop top zip closure synthetic; polyester lining 2 front exterior slide pockets and 1 back zipper pocket 2 interior slide pockets and 1 zipper pocket 10(H) x 10(W) x 2½(D) imported
Elegance and function combine to give this traditional highboy TV stand a striking appearance. The added height makes it a perfect fit for your entertainment area or bedroom, and it features adjustable shelves and six drawers to provide you with plenty of storage for media components and accessories.   high-grade MDF wood veneer finish dowel, cam bolt and cam lock joinery 2 adjustable shelves 6 drawers wood drawer glides tempered safety-glass panes supports up to 250 pounds accommodates TVs up to 70 70x18x30H wipe clean with soft cloth imported
Ethereal chiffon and delicate lace combine on our lace beaded long gown for a look that will dazzle them speechless. off-the-shoulder neckline back zipper 61 length from shoulder polyester lined spot clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Jack up your workouts or spice up your casual wear with this digital watch featuring subtle orange accents that bring out its modern design and style. Brand: Armitron Brand: Armitron Dial Color: Orange Strap: Black resin Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100M Case Width: 48mm Case Thickness: 18mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 22mm wide Model No.: 40/8351ORG Special Features: Alarm; chronograph; dual time; military time Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Weekends don’t last forever, but it’s easy to bring that relaxed, comfortable feeling to your home every day. The Flutter rod-pocket sheer panel by Martha Stewart offers a sophisticated mix of color and soft, fluid style to enhance your cheerful yet elegant home.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart 3 rod pocket accommodates a variety of rod sizes 3 bottom hem; ½ side hem available in a variety of colors MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at jcpenney Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Seamed for a great fit, our wrinkle-free, button-front poplin shirt will see you through the work day in classic style and cottony comfort. point collar button cuffs back yoke gently rounded hem cotton/spandex washable imported  
Bring the chatter of the sandlot to your closet with our comfortable tee.  crewneck shorts sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Give your 5-pocket style an ultra-relaxed vibe with these pull-on denim joggers from Arizona, featuring an elastic waist and cuffed legs. sits below waist elastic waist with drawstring classic 5-pocket styling 29 inseam flat front tapered leg elastic cuffs cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Lightweight design and high-rebound cushioning make this Go Step Watermark lace-up sneaker a clear winner for a walk of any distance. technology Goga Mat technology GO Pillars for arch support and shock absorption SQUISH component Memory Form Fit multi-directional traction sole construction suede split leather upper EVA sole Details lightweight construction lace-up design
A coordinating scarf adds a polished finishing touch to our warm wool-blend single-breasted coat. heavyweight princess seams at front and back black, charcoal heather, port wine: wool/polyester/other fibers crema, caramel latte: wool/polyester lined dry clean only imported misses: 33 length from shoulder petite: 32 length from shoulder
Enjoy the comfort of a polo shirt with these stylishness of stripes in a piqué fabric. regular fit spread collar tagless short sleeves vents 100% cotton washable imported
Superlite no-show socks from adidas offer arch support with a knit-in textured 3-stripe design and climalite® construction to wick away moisture and keep your feet dry no matter how strenuous your activities.   package of 6 acrylic/polyester/spandex/natural latex rubber washable imported  
These pointed tipped scissors feature a comfort grip handle for left handed and right handed use and are great for cutting neat and perfect details in foam, paper, vellum, photos and more.  contains one 5 pair of scissors with a snap-on plastic tip protector imported
Our curvy-fit, straight-leg pants sit at your waist, with no gaping in back, and a curved shape that's nipped at the knee to flatter full hips and thighs. flat front zip fly with hook-and-bar closure split wastband with belt loops inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 back faux-welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 33 inseam misses short: 31 inseam misses long: 35 inseam
Our Alyx dress gives you the look of separates and the convenience of a one-piece with our sunny floral dress. roundneck flutter sleeves back zipper belt included approx. 37 length from shoulder bodice: polyester skirt: polyester/rayon/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
A free-form pet bed that promotes nesting while providing comfort and security, this couch is cool in the summer and warm in the winter. Its self-corded piping looks beautiful in any décor.   use in the house or in the car plush microfiber diamond-quilted fabric with moister barrier zippered cover removes easily for machine washing under-stuffed to allow for nesting and easy storage Polyester. Washable. Imported. small: 32x47x4; for pets up to 50 lbs medium: 37x56x4; for pets up to 65 lbs large: 46x69x4; for pets up to 80+ lbs
Polished enough for the office, comfortable enough for the weekend: our millennium straight-leg pants will be your 7-day-a-week go-to pair. overbelly panel covers the tummy and can be worn up or folded down as needed throughout your pregnancy 30 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
With a versatile bootcut leg, our Secretly Slender jeans offer a flattering fit for casual days or dressier occasions. tummy-control binding and tummy tamer dark wash and medium tent: cotton/polyester/spandex all other colors: cotton/spandex washable imported misses short: 30 inseam misses: 32½ inseam misses long: 34½ inseam petite: 30½ inseam petite short: 28 inseam tall: 35½ inseam
Finish off your cold-weather looks with our asymmetrical zip-front lamb leather jacket.   tie belt exterior zip pockets interior pockets 100% lamb leather polyester lining professional leather clean only imported
  Pop the top in custom style with your own personalized bottle opener, crafted with brushed finish and rubber grip. Can be engraved with up to 3 initials.   metal imported
This versatile and oh-so-comfy cami is perfect as a first layer or on its own as your favorite piece of loungewear.   nylon/spandex washable imported
A helpful extra layer of warmth, this cardigan is the perfect finishing touch for his everyday uniform.   Y neck long sleeves acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
Rock a retro-inspired vibe full of sunny-days style with our high-waist hipster swim bottoms that mix-and-match with your favorite swim tops. tummy control panel partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Take a walk on the Darth side in our sequined Darth Vader sweatshirt. 26 length cotton/polyester washable imported
Brown bagging it has taken on a whole new meaning with this fun and stylish insulated lunch bag. The removable ice pack keeps your food cool until you're ready to eat.   easy-to-grip round handles with magnetic-snap closure interior mesh pocket holds ice pack or utensils extra-thick insulation keeps food cool and fresh gray PEVA lining is easy to clean and PVC free includes nontoxic, reusable, hard plastic ice pack Cotton canvas with PEVA liner; plastic handles. Measures 6½x7x14H; ice pack measures 4½x7. Hand wash. Imported.  
This 24” rope chain in 10K gold offers a timeless look with plenty of versatility. Wear alone or pair it with your favorite pendants. Hollow for lightweight comfort.   Metal: 10K yellow gold Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 24” Width: 2.3mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail
Create a calm and serene atmosphere in your bedroom with our comforter set, featuring a soft blue and white color palette with embroidered flowers running down the comforter's center for an elegant look. floral embroidery comforter: 100% cotton with polyester fill shams: 100% cotton bedskirt: polyester/cotton washable full: comforter is 80x90 queen: comforter is 92x96 king and cal. king: comforter is 110x96 imported 4-pc. set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full and queen sets include standard shams. King and cal. king sets include king shams. King and cal. king comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Fast-looking, faux-leather moto jacket from Levis offers sleek styling and secure, on-the-go storage for your essentials. racer collar with snap closure zip front long sleeves 2 chest zip pockets 2 lower zip handwarmer pockets interior welt pocket open bottom length: 35¾ shell face: polyurethane shell back: rayon lining and fill: polyester wipe clean with damp cloth imported
Grab our easygoing camp shirt for a casual look you can wear all day and night.  point collar button down front pocket short sleeves rayon washable imported
Featuring a colorful, unique design, these wine glasses have slight imperfections and textures due to the fact they’re individually formed.   unique hand-blown design 8-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Make your business casual style wrinkle-free with this easy-care performance dress shirt from Stafford. wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering treated with stain release and repel Scotchgard™ technology pointed collar chest pocket comfort-stretch collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable adjustable cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported more sizes available: regular, fitted, athletic, big, extra tall
Our shirtdress features two patch pockets, a belt and pleated skirt for a vintage-inspired look. ●    v-neck●    sleeveless●    button front●    37⅞-41 5/16 length●    cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
What it is:A rounded brush that evenly applies all types of powders for a flawless finish.What it does:Apply loose, pressed, blush, bronzer, and mineral powders with this natural brush and get smooth, even coverage every time. The goat-hair bristles allow for greater saturation and provide lighter coverage than synthetic brushes, effortlessly distributing the perfect amount of powder to your face.Suggested Usage:-Gently apply powders using soft sweeping motions to blend thoroughly.
A devotion for doggy friends won't be mistaken with this pet mat that looks great in any room.   protects floors underneath pet dishes or by the kitchen sink indoor/outdoor use perfect for any pet lover or pet liquid resistant nonskid latex backing rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces Cotton/polyester with latex backing. Machine wash, dry flat. Imported.
Eclipse Fresno back-tab/rod-pocket blackout curtain panel combines functionality with versatility and style to enhance any room in your home.      innovative Thermaweave™ construction uses a triple-weave technology to help keep the cold air out and the warm in blocks out over 99% of outside light and up to 40% of unwanted noise helps reduce heating and cooling costs by preventing window-related energy loss offers a variety of ways to hang; shir on a rod, use back taps for soft, graceful folds or attach with clip rings Measures 52x84L. Sold individually. Hang on a 1 decorative rod or 2½ continental rod. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Whether as a solo act or teamed up with a sweater or blouse, this soft, stretchy cami is a must-have.   adjustable straps scoopneck approx. 26 long cotton/spandex washable imported
The sleek silhouette of this mirror reflects the beauty of your bedroom’s uncomplicated style.   poplar and rubberwood construction with a cherry veneer espresso finish coordinates perfectly with Providence dressers, sold separately Measures 37x4x84H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Fashioned with a lab-created alexandrite, white sapphires and diamond accents, this stunning ring delivers sparkle, shine and a beautiful burst of color.Metal: 10K white goldStones: 6mm round lab-created alexandriteOther Stones: Diamond accentsOther Stones: Lab-created white sapphiresSetting: ProngGallery Height: 5.6mmGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
He deserves to shine, too. This stunning, 10K gold men’s wedding band shows off his bright personality with 1/5 ct. t.w. channel-set diamonds.   Metal: 10K white or yellow goldStones: 1/5 ct. t.w. diamondsColor: I-JClarity: I3Setting: Channel Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Brand: SimplifyDial Color: RedStrap: Red leatherClasp: Strap buckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 42mmCase Thickness: 8mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.25 long, 18mm wideModel No.: SIM2405Special Features: Analog   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail
Our soft and cozy microfleece hooded jacket with a curly sherpa bonded lining will keep you warm and comfortable during all your outdoor activities. one-sided anti-pill fabric attached hood zip front front zip pockets sleeve thumbholes interior smart pocket and media portal 26 length from shoulder polyester microfleece polyester faux curly sherpa bonded lining washable imported
This Sabatier 14-piece cutlery set features all the knives you need for your food-prep tasks. expertly crafted from superior quality high-carbon stainless steel acacia finished block adds elegance to your kitchen stainless steel/plastic/acacia wood hand wash imported 14-pc. set includes: 8 chef knife 8 slicer 5 Santoku 5.5 serrated utility knife 3.5 parer six 4.5 steak knives 8 sharpening steel all-purpose shears storage block
Our shirred tassle top features a tie-neck keyhole and bohemian styling for a softly feminine option. long sleeves v-neck measures 28 length from front shoulder to hemline polyester washable imported
Make some room in your closet with our reversible belt, which matches both brown and black shoes. 32mm wide reversible black and brown feathered edge polyurethane/leather/bonded leather spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts for your exact waist size.
Putting a modern spin on an organic pattern with neutral colors, this rug features metallic accents and a timeless look that will complement your home and your style perfectly.   ●    casual pattern easily matched with home décor ●    machine-woven ●    durable polypropylene fiber ●    0.5 pile height, 0.5 overall thickness ●    crafted in Egypt Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Synthetic Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Yes Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly and spot-clean stains. Professional cleaning recommended periodically. Origin: Imported
Create delicious gummy candies in everyone's favorite flavors, colors and shapes with this easy-to-use giant gummy candy maker. make fish, worm and small bear gummy candies with the easy-to-use silicone molds use the included giant gummy candy bear mold for even more fun central heated base holds a gelatin pot with a spout for easy pouring unit disassembles for easy cleaning gelatin not included Package includes: heating base two heating pots 4 interlocking trays 2 small bear molds fish mold worm mold extra-large bear mold Plastic. Measures 6.7x6.1x7.48H. Hand wash parts. Imported.
It's a block party with the Blaine comforter set in dynamic red stripes, a colorblock design and a medley of wonderful patterns.   colorblocked and striped design in red, white and taupe soft brushed fabric on back decorative pillows coordinate beautifully with comforter 7-piece comforter set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop 3 decorative pillows Queen set includes standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams.  Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt. Washable. Polyester pillows with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. Queen: comforter is 90x90; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16 and 18x12 King: comforter is 104x92; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16 and 18x12 Cal. King: comforter is 104x92; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16 and 18x12 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Enrich the look of any room with the sophisticated yet relaxed styling of this chair slipcover featuring a classic damask pattern on luxurious, upholstery-weighted matelassé.   matelassé is a plush fabric with the appearance of padding durable polyester-cotton blended fabric stands up to daily wear and tear accented with a thick corded trim kick-pleat in the front center for a crisp, detailed look Designed to fit a 36-40H chair with an overall length (outside arm to outside arm) of 32-43 and a seat cushion depth of 26. Polyester/cotton. Washable. Imported.
A modern look for the modern man, these slim-fit suit pants work hard to keep you looking great   flat front polyester/rayon blend dry clean only imported
  Whether you occupy the corner office or want to look like you do, few business looks are as authoritative as gray pinstripes.    notched lapel two-button front 3 exterior pockets 2 interior pockets center back vent classic fit wool fully lined with acetate twill dry clean imported available in additional sizes
Our sleeveless sheath dress is packed with plucky flowers to add a little more sunshine to your day. roundneck sleeveless back zipper approx. 37 length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
A unique spin on classic hoops, these intricate brown-stone earrings add art deco flair to your look.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Brown crystals Back: Post   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Mix up some fun with a versatile 12-speed mixer designed to master your every culinary whim.   12 speeds for mixing versatility 3-way mixing action off-center bowl position allows you to add ingredients easily and reduce scraping ergonomically designed soft-grip handle for your comfort soft start technology starts motor slowly to prevent splatter tilt-locking head with bowl selector switch includes 1 stainless steel 4.6-quart bowl, beaters and dough hooks 350 watts. Plastic/metal. Measures 17.1x15.1x10.4. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Stay on your feet with ease with the supportive style of our Connelly men's sneakers from Propet.   technology OrthoLite® insole features a comfortable memory foam layer DriLex® antimicrobial lining helps prevent foot odor construction leather/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up EVA midsole with double footbed offers flexible orthotic adoption padded collar and tongue Medicare approved, A5500 coded
Celebrate the sun in our adorable sundress with its fun, summery style.   roundneck sleeveless approx. 36 length rayon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
What it is:A unique color corrector from microalgae and pigments to treat the main concerns of uneven skin by soothing, brightening, and neutralizing skintone. What it is formulated to do:This weightless, color drop serum combines red microalgae, alguronic acid, and microalgae oil to instantly color correct, treat skin, and cover imperfections. Red microalgae and pigments work in synergy to color correct and neutralize dull-looking skin. Use alone or add into makeup or skin care products to help balance skin’s texture and tone for smoother, more even, and longer-lasting makeup wear. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Phthalates Research results:Results obtained following self-assessments of 65 women, using product once daily for 10 consecutive days: - 88% saw visibly corrected skin dullness - 89% said color drops offer long-lasting color correction - 92% saw a visibly corrected skintone for a more even complexion - 94% saw a visibly corrected skintone and enhanced skin smoothness Suggested Usage:-To even skintone, shake well and add desired amount of drops to skin care and makeup products.-Can be used alone. -Mix well and apply. -Use only as directed. Size:0.5 ozIngredients:Water, Dimethicone, Mica, Nylon-12, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Talc, Titanium Dioxide, Glycerin, Acrylates/Dimethicone Copolymer, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Algae Exopolysaccharides, Chlorella Protothecoides Oil, Chondrus Crispus Extract, HDI/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Isododecane, Magnesium Sulfate, Silica, Methicone, Hydrogen Dimethicone, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Propylene Carbonate, Aluminum Hydroxide, Sodium Chloride, Citric Acid, Ethylhexylglycerin, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Benzoic Acid, Dehydroacetic Acid, Potassium Sorbate, Phenoxyethanol, Iron Oxides (CI 77491), Titanium Oxide (CI 77891).
Head to the beach in our swim top, featuring a tankini style with a racerback for classic warm-weather style.  racerback removable soft cups partially lined polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
This girl's v-neck jumper is a cute and preppy look for your schoolgirl.   v-neck pleated skirt polyester washable imported
Tag-free construction and a soft waistband make these Hanes boxers an easy choice for all-day comfort. package of 4 boxer briefs - colors may vary TAGLESS® no ride up comfort waist 100% cotton washable imported 
A coordinating scarf adds a polished finishing touch to our warm wool-blend single-breasted coat. heavyweight princess seams at front and back 34 length from shoulder black, charcoal heather, port wine: wool/polyester/other fibers crema, caramel latte: wool/polyester lined dry clean only imported
She’ll ride in style with our fun and bright printed bike shorts. cotton/spandex washable imported
Great for roasts or lasagna, this rectangular porcelain roasting dish is practically 3 deep.   measures 11½x9½ designed by British foodie Sophie Conran rippled texture and tapered rim give it the look of hand-thrown pottery oven-safe to 425ºF dishwasher- and microwave-safe Coordinated dinnerware, serveware and bakeware available separately. Porcelain. Imported.
Blending the innovative functionality of a hamper with the easy comfort of a carry bag, this collapsible hamper makes laundry day a little easier. durable polyester fabric flexible stainless steel wire structure cushioned handles for comfort large storage area holds up to 2 loads of laundry collapses for space-saving storage Polyester/metal. Measures 13.4x17.3x25.9H. Wipe clean. Imported.
Hanes cotton boxer briefs are made with super soft, premium ComfortSoft® cotton. They also feature a tagless waistband for plush, all-day comfort.   all-day comfortable fit tagless comfortflex® waistband fully functional fly no ride-up leg preshrunk for a lasting fit 100% cotton washable imported
Comfortable, versatile and easily paired with all kinds of tops, this printed knit skort is sure to become her new favorite.●    adjustable waist●    relaxed fit●    cotton/polyester●    washable●    imported  
Add a little flair to your look with our sheer sleeveless popover top with two chest pockets and coordinating knit cami. half-button front approx. 30 - 31¼ length polyester shell: machine wash, line dry cami: washable imported
Our criss-cross, high-low sweater's rich variety of textures will help ward off the chilly weather. boatneck side vents cotton/acrylic washable imported misses: approx. 24¾ - 26¾ front length; 27¼ - 29¼ back length petite: approx. 23¾ - 25¾ front length; 26¼ - 28¼ back length
Our super cute tank top and necklace matches the fringe print leggings with a contrasting color palette that stands out with style. includes necklace, tank top and leggings scoopneck crochet trim top: polyester/rayon leggings: cotton/polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
From diaper leaks to food spills, babies can generate a lot of laundry. Keep the dirty clothes separate and ready for the wash in this fashion-forward hamper, featuring an outer flap that conveniently hides the mess until its laundry time. removable, washable inner mesh liner makes transporting laundry easier 15x15x27 bag: 100% cotton frame: wood washable imported
Men's shirt in yarn-dyed mini plaid gets the job done in style.   3.5 oz. Poplin relaxed fit pre-cured durable press with soil release and wickable finish Touchtex™ technology for superior color retention two-piece, lined, banded, topstitched collar with sewn-in stays seven tortoise shell buttons; button at neck button-thru rounded left chest pocket with single-needle topstitching center front placket yarn-dyed microchecks soft hand polyester/cotton washable imported more sizes: regular, big
This sporty fleece hoodie has the warmth, comfort and coverage to keep the cold at bay for uninterrupted outdoor workouts. long sleeves rib-knit cuffs and hem 2 kangaroo pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Any hallway becomes your runway in our peep-toe booties featuring a front zipper and laser-cut perforation detail to complement your uptown style. synthetic upper 4½ heel front zipper laser-cut perforation synthetic lining plastic sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND
Add some bite to your cocktails with our super-cool shark ice molds.  3D shark molds silicone hand wash imported
The Nike Dri-FIT crew socks give you the moisture-wicking performance and cushioned support you need.   dri-FIT® moisture technology wicking keeps feet cool and dry maximum breathability cushioned footbed for comfort reinforced heel & toe for durability left/right-specific for a better fit cotton/polyester/nylon/spandex washable imported
Looking great should never be a chore, that's why these Dockers Easy pants have no-wrinkle performance to give you a fresh look all day long.   flat front classic fit through seat and thighs zip fly with button closure 1/4 top front pockets double welt back pockets with button-through closure belt loops embroidered wing and anchor logo hard creases cotton/polyester twill washable imported or made in USA
Magical princess style comes to life with this beautiful Rapunzel costume, featuring a soft satin bodice and glittery details. squareneck with ruffle detail puff sleeves Rapunzel cameo satin ribbons iridescent organza glitter details 3-layered skirt bodice: polyester/nylon skirt and lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
With reduced layering that enhances flexibility, our youthful athletic shoes give her plenty of comfort to go with her sporty style. technology articulated Phylite carrier outsole construction breathable mesh/synthetic upper durable rubber sole details lace up toe and heel pods help reduce wear
Our striped jersey polo from St. John's Bay offers easy-to-match color combinations in a finish that's about as soft as it gets. regular fit flat knit collar taped neck 2-button placket short sleeves left chest pocket tennis tail with side vents cotton/polyester washable imported  
Create a welcoming atmosphere in any space with this beautiful bench featuring a woven water hyacinth seat and an open design that’s perfect for storing shoes and other items. sturdy wood and MDF frame natural and painted black finishes woven water hyacinth seat filled with upholstery foam great for an entryway, dressing area or space with a windowsill 250-pound weight capacity Measures 45Wx18Dx19H. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.
With moisture-wicking fabric and no-chafe seams, our fitted leggings will keep you comfortable through tough workouts at the gym or studio. Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won’t irritate your skin reflective details for low-light visibility key pocket at inside waistband elastic waistband 30½ inseam jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported
Cook rice in 5 minutes or chicken in 15 minutes with this 10-quart pressure cooker, which preserves the nutrients often lost in conventional cooking.   energy-saving design saves up to 70% of cooking time over traditional methods exclusive triple safety system prevents opening before all pressure is released spring-type mechanism with one pressure setting: high (15psi) automatic pressure release system and visual pressure indicator 18/10 stainless steel with aluminum sandwich bottom for fast and even heat distribution works on all domestic cooking surfaces, including gas, electric, ceramic and induction use to can fresh vegetables and fruit includes instruction manual and recipe book Measures 12x18x11½. Dishwasher-safe. Imported.    
Our Bisou Bisou top is a nice neutral blouse with a little twist that makes it perfect for accessorizing and wearing at every occasion.   scoopneck 3/4 sleeves approx. 29¼ length rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Complete any ensemble with this classic genuine emerald ring, featuring diamond-accents and set in 14K white gold.   Metal: 14K white gold Stone: 6x4mm oval genuine emerald Other Stones: Diamond-accents   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Get a flattering fit in a timeless pair of jeans that you'll love wearing again and again in our city-fit straight-leg version. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 34 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
What it is:A sonic device that enhances the effectiveness of products applied to the eye area and an antiaging eye serum optimized for sonic infusion.What it is formulated to do:The Opal Sonic infuses serums into the skin more effectively than manual application. As the device is moved in small circles around the eye area, its soft applicator tip delivers products with more than 7,500 gentle micro-massages per minute. Serums and creams are absorbed more deeply and evenly, enhancing their ability to promote healthy, hydrated, and younger-looking skin.The included Anti-Aging Sea Serum is optimized for the dynamics of sonic infusion. Its multilayered approach includes marine extracts and botanicals to provide multiple properties including: hydration, firming, smoothing, tightening, and antioxidant protection. If desired, the Opal can be used with your favorite eye product.This set contains:- Opal Sonic Infuser- 0.5 oz Anti-Aging Sea Serum- 2 Replacement Applicator Tips- Universal Voltage ChargerWhat it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dyes- Petrochemicals- Phthalates- GMOs- TriclosanWhat else you need to know:Developed by the lead inventor of Sonicare® and the Clarisonic Sonic Skin Cleansing system, the Opal integrates into your eye care ritual seamlessly: use for just 30 seconds around each eye. According to Clarisonic, after four weeks a noticeable improvement in skin's elasticity will result. After eight weeks, fine lines and puffiness are visibly reduced and eyes appear brighter. The Opal Sonic Infusion System is dermatologist- and ophthalmologist-tested, rechargeable, and gentle enough for daily use. Suggested Usage:-Charge for 24 hours before use.-Pump the Anti-Aging Sea Serum onto the Applicator Tip of theSonic Infuser.-Press and release Power button on side of Sonic Infuser to activate.-Place activated Sonic Infuser on crow's feet area.-Gently follow rim of bone outlining the eye area. (Tip: it should glide easily over the skin).-Use small overlapping circular motions.-The device automatically turns off after 30 seconds.Removing and replacing the tip:-Using your finger, fingernail or thumb, gently grasp below the rim of the hard plastic tip base and pop the tip off, being careful not to pull on the soft silicone.-To replace the tip, press the tip firmly onto the black tip base. Listen for the snap for proper attachment.Precautions:-DO NOT USE on soft tissue under eye and eye lids to avoid eye injury.-Gently tap any remaining serum into the skin using the ring finger.-Pump additional Serum onto Applicator Tip and repeat for other eye.-As with any skincare product, check for skin allergies by placinga small amount to inside of forearm.-If bumps, burning, skindiscoloration or other allergic reaction occurs, discontinue use. Ingredients​-Marine-Derived Collagen, Natural Moisturizing Factors (humectants), Prickly Pear Extract, and Trehalose (a complex sugar from desert plants): Provide hydration to increase moisture content to restore natural tissue fullness.-Marine-Derived Glycosaminoglycans (Glucosamines, Hyaluronic Acid, Chondroitin Sulfate (natural components of skin and joints), Marine-Derived Elastin, African Sausage Tree Fruit Extract: Provide firming, smoothing, and tightening properties.-Canadian Willowherb, Oat Kernel Extract, and Acetyl Citrull Amido Arginine (a marine peptide): Provide antioxidant protection to the delicate skin near the eye and on the face.Water (Aqua), Epilobium Angustifolium Leaf/ Stem Extract, Glycerin, Hydrolyzed Elastin, Glycosaminoglycans, PEG-8 Dimethicone, Kigelia Africana Fruit Extract, Silanetriol Trehalose Ether, Saccharomyces Ferment, Avena Sativa (Oat) Kernel Extract, Ceratonia Siliqua Gum, Hydrolyzed Casein, Laminaria Saccharina Extract, Algae Extract, Pullulan, Skeletonema Costatum Extract, Acetyl Citrull Amido Arginine, Arginine PCA, Plankton Extract, Soluble Collagen, Chondrus Crispus (Carrageenan) Extract, Chondrus Crispus (Carrageenan), Niacinamide, Ascorbic Acid, Bisabolol, Zingiber Officinale (Ginger) Root Extract, Opuntia Coccinellifera Fruit Extract, Sodium PCA, Urea, Trehalose, Sodium Hyaluronate, Polyquaternium-51, Ethyl Lauroyl Arginate HCL, Butylene Glycol, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer, Chlorphenesin, Disodium EDTA, Sodium Hydroxide.
This Arizona poplin shirt sets the mood on stylishly laidback with a breezy cotton fabric and fun tropical print. button-down collar button front short sleeves left chest patch pocket rounded hem 100% cotton washable imported
You've never looked more regal than you will in our knit jacket dress with beautifully ruffled lapels, exquisite lace texture and sparkly detail. jacket: 22¼ length from shoulder dress: 39¼ length from shoulder nylon/polyester/spandex lace polyester/spandex knit hand wash, dry flat made in America RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Our organic cotton camo tunic is a playful addition to your little bees wardrobe with its flowy hem and fun camo print. Its lap shoulder feature makes for an easy-to-wear top and the colored capri leggings with an elastic waistband make for a comfortable matching bottom. includes tunic and leggings long sleeves flowy hem elastic waistband tunic: 100% certified organic cotton leggings: certified organic cotton/spandex washable imported
What it is: A universal, do-it-all brush that expertly picks up the right amount of pigment, making it ideal for powder, bronzer, and blush application. What it does: Get your hands on a universal, do-it-all brush that you can use with a number of formulas. Like all Too Faced brushes, Mr. Right is made of luxurious synthetic hair, and it can be used wet or dry with go-to foundations, powders, blushes, bronzers, and more. Its gentle tapered brush design is perfect for sweeping along smaller crevices when setting undereye concealer or creating a precise contour. What else you need to know: This product is cruelty-free.Suggested Usage: -Sweep this brush along smaller crevices when setting undereye concealer or creating a precise contour.
Stay cool and comfortable in our dip-dyed burnout screen tee, featuring a paisley print that's perfect for everyday wear.  roundneck polyester/cotton washable imported
With strong polished stainless steel and a diagonal row of diamond accents, this handsome ring adds a bit of subtle sparkle. Comfort fit.   Metal: Stainless steel Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 7mm   Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Bring a fun game of bingo with you wherever you go with this small-sized set featuring a rotating metal cage with ball drop.   numbered balls up to 75 18 reusable bingo cards 150 token markers Metal/plastic. Measure 8½x8¼x8¼”H. Imported. 
These relaxed-fit chino shorts from Arizona feature a stripe print for that pop of prep mom loves. relaxed fit flat front zip fly with button closure adjustable waist 4-pocket styling 100% cotton washable imported
What it is: A waterproof powder tint for lips. What it does: Chroma Powder Lip Tint’s innovative, liquid-to-powder formula melts once it’s in contact with lips, delivering a rich, moisturizing color. It glides on for lightweight, buildable color and is enriched with hydrolyzed collagen for added moisture. What else you need to know: This product is free of gluten.Suggested Usage: -Apply using the applicator tip along the lip line to define. -Use the flat side of the applicator to fill in lips with color, apply multiple coats to increase color.Size:0.056 ozIngredients:Water, Glycerin, Silica Dimethicone Silylate, Silica, Arbutin, Squalane, Hydrolyzed Collagen, Butylene Glycol, Betaine, Trehalose, Glycosyl Trehalose, Hydrogenated Starch Hydrolysate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Methylparaben, Aluminum Hydroxide, Methicone, Adenosine, Phenoxyethanol. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), D&C Red No. 7 (CI 15850:1), D&C Red No. 6 (CI 15850), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, CI 77492, CI 77499), D&C Red No. 28 (CI 45410), FD&C Yellow 6 (CI 15985), FD&C Blue No.1 (CI 42090), FD&C Yellow 5 (CI 19140).
Our stretch strappy pumps are the knockout shoes you want to show off your superior style. elastic gore/snake-print synthetic upper synthetic sole and lining stretch flex 4 heel
Take your professional look to the next level with our jacquard jacket from Evan-Picone—inspired by menswear yet distinctly feminine. notch lapel 3-button placket 23 length polyester dry clean imported
Pairing a classic paisley print with stunning embroidery, this quilt set is the perfect addition to any bedroom. pantone color palette for coordinating room decor reverses to a geometric pattern on back polyester; cotton/polyester fill washable twin quilt: 88x68 twin xl quilt: 93x66 full/queen quilt: 92x90 imported 2-piece twin and twin xl sets include: quilt 1 standard sham 3-piece full/queen set includes: quilt 2 standard shams
Turn over a new leaf and layer your accessories for a highly sought-after on-trend look. Set of two necklaces can be worn solo, together or layered with other favorites from your jewelry collection. Metal: Gold-tone metal Closures: Lobster clasps Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Sueded Oud is a fresh and creamy approach to a traditional oud fragrance. It is a discovery of natural textures and an exploration of the fluid movement between the brighter and darker facets of fragrance. Each CLEAN Reserve fragrance was created to be dynamic and evoke, not memories of the past, but possibilities and experiences yet to be discovered. Each is linear without much movement from top to bottom, making it ideal for layering and blending. Notes: Incense Oil, Blue Cypress, Birchwood, Red Pimento, Honeysuckle, Temple Oud, Night Blooming Jasmine, White Magnolia, Fir Balsam, Sarcocaulon, Soft Suede, Gold Patchouli, Black Amber, Praline, Skin Musk, Olibanum Tears. Style: Sophisticated. Mysterious. Sexy. What else you need to know: The nomadic Himbas tribe waits until the hard, spiny bushman candle completes its natural life cycle before harvesting the bark to sell for fragrance extraction. Continued use of this incredible shrub provides support that allows the tribe to preserve their traditional lifestyle and fosters sustainable plant growth. Size:3.4 oz
Our Steve Harvey boys' 4-piece suit set gives him a grown-up look that is still very adorable. clip-on tie long sleeves front pants pockets pants, vest, tie: polyester shirt: cotton/polyester washable tie: dry clean only imported
Super skinny, serious style. Our leggings are made with a super stretchy denim construction and classic five-pocket styling so you get the look of your favorite jeans, with the comfort of a legging style.   rests on hips very slim fit through the hip and thigh super-skinny leg with 9½ opening 7¾ front rise; 12¾ back rise cotton/ polyester/ viscose/ elastane rusty sunlight: cotton/polyester/viscose/elastane washable imported juniors: 30 inseam juniors short: 28 inseam juniors long: 32 inseam  
You'll be ready to relax in our weekend-friendly v-neck t-shirt with ribbed trim and on-trend ombré styling. approx. 27⅛ - 29 length 100% cotton washable imported
Comfortable, versatile and stylish, this short-sleeve graphic tee is sure to become one of his new favorites. crewneck 100% cotton washable imported
Make the transition from poolside or beach in style with our cool pineapple-embossed hoodie swim cover-up. hooded with drawstring sleeveless zipper front approx. 34 from shoulder cotton/polyester washable imported
Bakers of all ages will love transporting decorated cakes and other delicious baked goods in the retro-inspired Cake Boss metal cake carrier with “Want Another Piece” motif.   crafted from durable, tin-plated steel for strength and warp-resistance protectively coated to help prevent stains and rust and make cleanup easy spacious enough for a standard 9 two-layer round cake, cheesecake, pie or other dessert lid latches tightly on both sides of the base to protect delicious desserts while they’re in transit and keep tempted fingers away features a vintage-styled “Want Another Piece” message in bold lettering sturdy plastic handle on the lid makes carrying even easier looks great on display by itself and when helping to keep cakes, cupcakes and more fresh-tasting and fresh-looking Tin plated steel/plastic. Measures 13.3x13.3x6.9H. Hand wash. Imported.  
It's easy to complement your throwback style with a little the low-key chic in our 70s-inspired denim gaucho pants. loose fit mid rise bootcut leg 5-pocket styling button-and-zip fly closure cotton/spandex washable imported misses: 22 inseam petite: 20½ inseam
You'll love the snug but relaxed feel of our Xersion cotton leggings. stretch infinity closure fitted leggings 28½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
  These asymmetrical-strap pumps will grab everyone’s attention.   polyester upper 3½” heel open toe slip on composition leather sole
Drench yourself in this body cleanser that bursts into a rich, velvety lather, enveloping your skin with the luscious goodness of Moroccan argan and grapeseed oils. Skin is left clean, moisturized and remarkably soft. delicately perfumed contains vitamins A, C & E and keratin ideal for daily use imported   How to use: Apply to wet skin. Lather. Moisturize. Rinse.   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Show off your love of color with the soft tones of this floral print women’s watch.   Dial Color: Floral print Strap: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 25mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8¾” long, 11mm wide Model No.: RY4951GDBK Special Features: gold-tone case Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
For a slightly more polished everyday look, try this woven shirt with pocket from iJeans by Buffalo. regular fit spread collar breast pocket short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Gear up and get going with this user-friendly sport watch featuring a digital stopwatch that's ideal for timed activities. Strap: Plastic Clasp: Buckle Case Width: 40mm Case Thickness: 14.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 185mm long
Prowl day or night in our fetching button-front drawstring jacket, with see-through diamond burnout patterning. stand collar 3/4 roll-tab sleeves 2 faux flap chest pockets with button closure drawstring waist cotton/polyester hand wash, line dry imported 
Amp up your warm-to-cool-weather look with our gold-tone, animal print top in a flexible scuba stretch-knit fabric. back zip polyester/spandex washable imported
What it is:A waterproof cleansing and antiaging device that deeply cleanses while improving the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles for radiant, firm, youthful-looking skin. What it does: The LUNA™ mini 2 marks a radical new approach to skincare by being the only facial-cleansing device that combines T-Sonic™ pulsations to effectively cleanse the skin with a nonabrasive silicone brush that remains totally gentle and pleasant to use on the face. And with its smart design, this compact and travel-friendly device lasts up to five months from one full charge, and is fully waterproof for seamless integration into any skincare routine. The cleansing and antiaging device deeply cleanses with up to 8,000 T-Sonic™ pulsations per minute channeled through silicone touch-points. It smooths the appearance of lines and wrinkles with lower-frequency pulsationsleaving skin looking and feeling radiant, firmer, and more elastic while helping to improve absorption of your favorite skincare products. What else you need to know:Bigger brush area for more efficient cleansing: the LUNA mini 2's brush surface area is bigger than the LUNA mini’s, enabling it to cover a larger surface area of skin for more efficient cleansing in the same amount of time. Longer touch-points for added softness: for a remarkable balance of power and gentleness, the touch-points are 26 percent longer than the LUNA mini’s to allow for more flexibility when the touch-points make contact with the skin, preventing any pulling or stretching to preserve the skin’s natural elasticity. These ultra-long touch-points are also much narrower, enabling them to reach areas of your face that are typically hard to cleanse. Eight intensities for personalized cleansing: with eight intensity settings, completely customize your cleansing routine based on your comfort preferences. Slow down for a gentle, more relaxed cleanse or up the intensity for a more powerful and deep clean. Motor with double the power for better results: with a new motor that is twice as powerful as the LUNA mini’s, the T-Sonic pulsations dislodge more impurities from the pores, providing deeper cleansing while still remaining gentle on the skin. Suggested Usage:-Use for one minute twice daily with any cleanser, with the exception of clay-based, silicone-based, or grainy cleansers, exfoliators, or scrubs. -To use, turn on, apply cleanser, wet brush surface, and cleanse face and rinse.
Celebrate her love of everything Star Wars with our vibrant Darth Vader tee. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Slip on this plush fleece jacket to ward off the chill. Convenient zipper pockets keep your belongings secure when you’re on the go. big and tall fit standup collar zip front long sleeves left chest zip pocket lower zip handwarmer pockets cotton/nylon/polyester/spandex washable imported
A reversible dress belt from Stafford gives you multiple options.  reverses from black to brown 32mm width bonded leather/polyurethane imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
These silver clip rings make it easy to slide draperies open and closed. includes 14 clip rings curtain rod sold separately each clip measures 1¾ in diameter silver imported
What says little girl as cute as polka dots, flowers, and Minnie Mouse? This girl’s dress pull it all together in one adorable piece. short-sleeve shirt dress embroidered applique pink Minnie with flower print embroidered applique and print flowers on dress four button opening 3D bow at center back elastic waist band all-over polka dot print colorblocked lining cotton washable imported
Comfortable, versatile and stylish, our poplin cargo shorts will complement your style to a tee. zip fly with button closure 6-pocket styling 5 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Highlight your beautiful face with these silver-tone hoop earrings, featuring gorgeous glass stones that will sparkle all day long. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: CrystalsBack: PostClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 60x60mm long  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring a modern fit and a slim leg, our coin-pocket ankle pants are perfect for the office. modern fit 2 non-functional pockets at back 2 functional pockets at front 1 welt pocket at front front zip with hook-bar and button closure polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 27 inseam petites: 24 inseam misses long: 29 inseam
Slip into our adjustable microterry slippers for a cozy and comfy walk around the house. microterry upper wider width for generous fit at toes adjustable VELCRO® tufted PillowStep® sock slip resistant textile rubber sole  
Get your little fish in the water with this paisley one-piece swimsuit with skirt and halter neck to keep her looking her cutest in and out of the pool. polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Pump up the volume with the micro-lite technology in this conditioner that adds volume without adding weight so your hair is voluminous and soft to the touch.   contains natural bamboo extract use with Volupt shampoo, not included color safe 8.4 oz. Imported. How to use: Remove excess water from hair. Distribute through hair, concentrating at the ends. Rinse thoroughly. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Our mix media tank top features a chic envelope back that will keep you cool and comfortable for all your warm-weather affairs. scoopneck sleeveless 31 length polyester lining rayon/polyester machine wash, line dry made in America
An empire waist and sultry deep v-neckline add flattering shaping to our vibrant print tankini swim top. adjustable straps soft cups partially lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our IZOD shorts were made with comfort and classic style in mind, with 100% cotton fabric and an iconic plaid pattern.●    extendable waistband●    zip fly●    4 pockets●    straight leg●    flat front●    relaxed fit●    100% cotton●    washable●    imported  
This snuggly Minnie Mouse blanket surrounds your baby in cozy, all-cotton comfort. embroidered puff print 28x38 front: 100% cotton back: polyester washable imported
Look lovely in our sleeveless halter blouse thanks to its pretty pleats and flowy, sharkbite hemline. halterneck sleeveless approx. 29-32 length chiffon polyester washable imported
This long-sleeve, flannel pajama set brings brushed cotton warmth to your cold-weather nights. includes top and pants washed for extra softness & reduced shrinkage notch collar long sleeves elastic waist with drawstring 100% cotton washable imported
There’s no gray area: your love for her is black and white. This artful engagement or promise ring celebrates your modern romance with a white sapphire at the center and lovely, color-enhanced black diamonds all around.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: ⅙ ct. t.w. color-enhanced round black diamonds Other Stones: 6.5mm lab-created white sapphire Setting: Prong and pavé Some diamonds may be treated and may require special care; diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Triple threat. Worn individually or combined, this tasteful trio of polished 10K gold earrings makes the perfect complement to just about any ensemble. Made in America and Italy.Metal: 10K yellow goldBack: Hinged and frictionJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This handy tote features a fresh color, quilted patterning and woven gold tone metal chain link handles for an adorable accessory that's big enough to carry anything you might need during your day. double top handles, 10 drop zip closure synthetic; synthetic lining quilted pattern design metal logo plate woven chain link strap detail 1 exterior zip pocket 1 interior divider and 1 backwall zip pocket 7¾(H) x 11½(W) x 7¾(D) imported  
Featuring contemporary X-style and ample storage space, this bookcase gives any room a chic, airy look.   solid wood construction glazed finish 5 spacious storage shelves Measures 30Wx12Dx63H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required. Imported.
Comfort and style combine with these easy-care twill shorts, featuring a touch of stretch for cool, comfy fit every time. regular fit 5-pocket styling adjustable waist zip fly with button closure flat front twill construction 98% cotton/2% spandex washable imported
Our tank top features a tie dye print and a twisted back for a unique take on a classic warm-weather look. scoopneck twist back tie dye print jersey 27 length rayon/spandex washable imported
Prepare your favorite slow-cooked meals in less time with the Power Pressure Cooker. Pressure cooking preserves flavors and nutrients and speed cooks all your favorite dishes. pressure cooking saves time and energy cooks inexpensive cuts of meat to juicy perfection removable nonstick pot offers easy cleanup 90-minute timer with autostart switches automatically to keep warm precision thermostat regulates temperature and pressure one-touch buttons for canning/preserving, soup/stew, slow cook, rice/risotto, beans/lentils, fish/vegetables steam and chicken/meat detachable cord includes measuring cup, ladle, rack and Wolfgang Puck recipes 8-quart capacity 1100 watts. Stainless steel. Measures 15x15x16¼H. Pot is dishwasher safe; wipe housing clean. Imported.
Complete with everything you need for a bedroom, this set features a simple, sleek design and ample storage space for all of your clothing, accessories and linens.   solid wood construction dark black finish butt-joint joinery antique bronze hardware dresser features 3 drawers and cabinet door with large open storage area nightstand features 1 drawer and 1 fixed shelf 4-piece set includes: dresser nightstand mirror headboard Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Assembly required; Allen wrench needed. Imported. Dresser: 42Wx18Dx34H Nightstand: 20Wx14Dx22H Mirror: 26Wx2Dx36H Headboard: 42Wx2Dx41H
Lend beautiful, coordinated style to your everyday look with this cushion-cut lab-created blue sapphire birthstone jewelry. Including a pendant, bracelet, ring and earrings, this four-piece set is accented with cubic zirconia. Attractively boxed for easy gift-giving.   Metal: Sterling silver-plated metal Stones: Lab-created blue sapphires, 7mm, 5mm Other Stones: Cubic zirconia Bracelet Closure: Figure 8 push lock Bracelet Length: 7½ Necklace Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 box chain Earring Back: Friction Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Sleep soundly in these comfortable knit pajama shorts from Stafford, featuring an adjustable drawstring waist, convenient pockets and jovial allover print. classic fit elastic waist with drawstring button fly 2 side-seam pockets cotton washable imported
Add a little pop to your sandal collection with our pretty jeweled flip flops. plastic embellished upper cushioned insole EVA outsole
Our pants feature a double waistband with trouser hooks and a straight leg for a comfortable, professional look. ●    double waistband with trouser hooks●    straight leg●    mid rise●    34 inseam●    rayon/nylon/spandex●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
Move freely in this sleeveless top by Tapout. polyester washable imported
Rev up your urban looks in these joggers, featuring moto-style quilted knees with zipper detail. drawcord waist back pocket flat front tapered leg cuffed bottom 30 inseam cotton/polyester washable imported
She’ll flip for this too-cute short-sleeve layered cardigan.   rib-knit placket and hem short sleeves patch pocket at hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring unadorned details with clean lines and a versatile finish, this chest revitalizes any room with uncomplicated style.   hardwood and engineered wood construction smooth white finish butt-joint joinery 4 storage drawers with side-mounted metal glides brushed nickel hardware Measures 36Wx17Dx37H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported.
The flattering silhouette of our Worthington fit-and-flare dress gives you added confidence to tackle whatever the day has in store for you. roundneck cap sleeves hidden zipper approx. 37¼ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Add some on-trend fun to your wardrobe with our cool, print palazzo pants. 31½ inseam rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Your happy girl will be proud to show it with this fun tunic from OshKosh B'Gosh. shirttail hem  100% cotton washable imported
Take off the chill with our compact heater with oscillation. You and the entire room will feel like you've been wrapped in a warm blanket.  AC current 750/1500 watts and ECO maintains a constant 68 degrees 2 infrared quartz elements cool touch exterior cabinet oscillating fan with fan only mode extra large LED display thermostat control 3 heat settings overheat and tip over safety shutoff remote control and programmable timer plastic batteries required, not included measures 7.3x 5.9x24”H washable filter no assembly required imported
With a fun print and a darling pleat at the center waist, this sleeveless yoke dress is sure to make her day. sleeveless pleat yoke cotton/polyester washable imported
Make a decorative statement with this cage-style table lamp base featuring striking twisted metal.   bronze finish 3-way turn-knob switch Shade sold separately. Metal. Measures 19H (up to socket) with a 6¾-diameter base. Uses 100W type A bulb, max., not included, or 13W CFL bulb, not included. Imported. Assembly note: The Possibilities lampshade's metal ring fits directly onto the socket of this lamp base. Just slide the ring down around the socket until it stops. No harp is required. However, should you wish to use this base with a different shade which requires a harp, the base features metal brackets where a harp can be inserted, offering you further flexibility. Harp and finial not included.   
This griddle will become your favorite to cook up such classics as pancakes, grilled cheese sandwiches and omelettes.   comfortable grip riveted handle exceptionally durable smooth, even heating nonstick surface for fat-free cooking 11 square Oven-safe to 350ºF. Imported.
These relaxed-fit Red Kap jeans give you room to breathe, from starting time to overtime.   13.75 oz. heavyweight denim classic fit - traditional rise that sits at the natural waist and has a slimmer leg opening that will fit over boots metal button, brass ratcheting zipper traditional five-pocket jean styling felled outseam, seatseam, and riser seam antique brass rivets decorative stitching on back pockets slim seat and thighs  cotton washable imported of domestic goods
This elegant women's watch from Timex® features a classy two-tone bracelet and easy-to-read gray dial. The Indiglo® nightlight adds extra appeal to a chic timepiece.   Brand: TimexDial Color: GrayBracelet: Two-tone braceletClasp: Fold-overMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: Up to 30 metersCase Dimensions: 25x7mmBracelet Dimensions: 135-190mm long, 12mm wideModel No.: 2K9517RJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add our cap-sleeve textured tie-front top to your wardrobe and love the way you look. split v-neck 23¾ length rayon/polyester polyester lining washable imported
Lacy embroidery and shimmery sequins add eye-catching flair to the back pockets of our flattering denim jeans. 5-pocket styling cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Stack one great stripe onto another in these speckled board shorts with stretch-easy fabric. relaxed fit self-adhesiveless fly with drawcord mesh-lined side zipper pocket bungee key cord wax comb/bottle opener flat front 11¼ inseam 90% polyester/10% spandex washable imported
Feel chic and confident when you face the chill in our sleek, midweight jacket from St. John’s Bay. detachable and adjustable hood zippered front with snap storm tab 2 vertical zippered pockets adjustable cuffs with self-adhesive closures polyester shell washable imported misses: 27½ length from shoulder petite: 26 length from shoulder
Soft, cotton-rich construction and an adjustable drawstring waist lend supreme comfort to these woven pajama pants. elastic waist with drawstring inseam pockets regular fit polyester/rayon washable imported
Adorned with adorable hearts, our Arizona shorty shorts are a cute and playful bottom for school, play or fun at home. adjustable elastic waist zip fly with button closure side and patch pockets fray hem relaxed fit flat front ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Step out in style with the perfect evening bag. Wear it as a shoulder strap purse or carry it as a clutch for versatility. chain strap, 22 drop top flap with magnetic snap closure PVC/patent finish ID or credit card wall pocket 4.5Hx10.25Wx1.5D imported
This comforter set features a glorious medallion print in shades of gray and gold with coordinating decorative pillows for an inspiring inspiring new look. medallion print with textured fabric accents solid bedskirt and Euro shams decorative pillows feature pleating and embroidered details to accent the look 10-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams 2 Euro shams bedskirt with 15 drop 4 decorative pillows Coordinating accessories sold separately. Euro shams require 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Full and Queen sets include standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill. Polyester shams and Euro shams; polyester bedskirt with olefin platform. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Full: comforter is 78x88; shams are 26x20; Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 54x75; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16, 14x14 and 18x12 Queen: comforter is 90x92; shams are 26x20; Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 60x80; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16, 14x14 and 18x12 King: comforter is 104x92; shams are 36x20; Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 78x80; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16, 14x14 and 18x12 Cal. King: comforter is 98x96; shams are 36x20; Euro shams are 26x26; bedskirt is 72x84; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16, 14x14 and 18x12
Complete your home or wet bar collection with this personalized decanter set and its accompanying lowball whiskey glasses. clear glass construction weighted bottoms for stability decanter features a beveled stopper each piece can be engraved with a single block initial 5-piece set includes: 34-ounce decanter four 10½-ounce whiskey glasses Glass. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
Layer on this double-pendant necklace and add instant polish to workday and after-five ensembles.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Closure: Lobster clasp   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Tie up your dressed up looks with this trend-right bow tie, featuring a punch of plaid for maximum panache. pre tied polyester spot clean imported
Our crossbody bag is the perfect grab-and-go bag to take along on all of your adventures.  shoulder strap, 23drop zip closure polyurethane with polyester lining window zipper and zipper exterior pockets zipper and front wall interior pockets 8.5x6.5x2D imported
Add soft light and sophistication to your room with this table lamp that shines with style. bronze finish and glass in crackle gold finish faux-silk bell shade 3-way twist switch Polyresin base with glass column. Measures 25½H. Polyester/cotton shade is 9⅛H with a 14 bottom diameter and a 6 top diameter. Uses one 100W type A bulb, not included. Assembly required. Imported. CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: A Title 20-compliant table lamp with an on/off switch will be shipped to the state of California and include a CFL bulb.
Get the popular vintage look you're going for with our raglan tee. crewneck raglan sleeves short sleeves with stripe detail polyester/cotton/rayon washable imported
These versatile, cotton bodysuits give baby's wardrobe more layering options. includes 4 bodysuits roundneck long sleeves expandable shoulders nickel-free leg snaps on reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
These darling ballet flats have a lace pattern and an ankle strap, giving them a delicate look that will dress up any outfit. canvas upper ankle strap lace pattern synthetic sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
This men's sport watch from Bulova is a high-performance chronograph in stainless steel. It has a black patterned dial, luminous hands, calendar, second hand and a durable black rubber strap.   Brand: Bulova Dial Color: Black Bracelet: Rubber Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: up to 100 meters Case Dimensions: 44mm x 12.3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 6.25-8.25 long, 22mm wide Model No.: 98B104 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our satin kimono-style robe will add a luxurious touch to your night. self-fabric tie belt polyester washable imported
Add softness and a splash of color to your bed with this ultra-comfy microfiber sheet set. wrinkle-resistant won't pill or fade fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 14 deep 3-piece set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin XL: flat sheet is 66x102; fitted sheet is 39x80; pillowcase is 32x21  
Trip out with our comfortable 4-way stretch boardshorts from Ocean Current. drawstring tech cargo pocket 10 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
From hanging out with friends to hitting the gym, this feature-packed pullover is an everyday winner.   duofold warmth control Double Dry® moisture management mesh-lined hood crewneck long sleeves kangaroo pocket polyester washable imported  
This runner rug with its geometric pattern is made of EverStrand® fiber to give superior softness and durability. The casual design evokes a sense of optimism. woven construction EverStrand PET; jute/latex backing 0.47 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Rotate your rug periodically. Vacuum regularly. Professional cleaning recommended. Dimensions: 2'1x7'10 Origin: Made in America
With one pleated side and solid blue matte sateen on the other this decorative pillow makes two different looks for your bed. cord with gimp detailing pleated sateen weave measures 23x14 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.  
These 100% combed cotton briefs feature her favorite characters in colors she loves.   elastic trim cotton washable imported  
Meditate in style with our cropped yoga pants, featuring a variety of prints to choose from.  elastic waist 22 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our sleek low-top basketball shoes are expertly designed so you can outplay and outpace your opponent. technology versatile herringbone outsole for multipurpose traction full-length Phylon midsole with encapsulated air bag provides great cushioning right where you need it construction leather/mesh upper rubber sole midfoot support and breathability details lace up  
This classic comforter set features a tweed pattern and checks that create a handsome look. tweed pattern deep blue checks faux-suede accents button detailing  cotton/polyester comforter and decorative pillow with polyester fill; cotton/polyester shams and bedskirt dry clean   twin comforter: 68x88 full comforter: 80x90 queen comforter: 92x96 king comforter: 110x96 imported   4-piece twin set includes: comforter sham bedskirt with 16 drop decorative pillow   5-piece full, queen or king set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 16 drop decorative pillow     Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin, full and queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams.
She'll look super chic in this pajama set that features leopard print bottoms and a shirt with a sentiment we're all thinking. includes tank top, pants and shorts polyester washable imported
Ensure your color sparkles with this luxurious conditioner loaded with water-repelling agents and infused with nourishing oils and vitamins.   for use on all hair colors enhances and boosts color vibrancy and shine helps to close cuticles that have been opened up during coloring moisturizes and conditions for strikingly soft hair deposits a micro-layer of water-repelling agents on hair, without feeling heavy developed to help smooth down the cuticle defends against washout to keep color electric Made in America. How to use: Apply to wet hair. Rinse. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.   
A large red poinsettia framed by stylized borders gives this hand-hooked rug a touch of festive charm. hand-made construction durable polyester/acrylic/olefin 0.05 overall thickness measures 30x20 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Imported
Featuring a column that combines the shine of polished metal with the shimmer of crystal glass, this floor lamp is an eye-catching way to brighten a room with soft light. white faux-silk fabric hardback drum shade polished nickel base on/off pull chain Metal. Measures 61H. Polyester/cotton shade is 9½H with a 15½ bottom diameter and 15½ top diameter. Uses two 60W type “A” bulbs, max., not included. Assembly required. Imported. CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: In order to successfully complete your transaction, you must select the Table Lamp with CFL Bulb option. A Title 20-compliant lamp will be shipped to the state of California and include CFL bulbs.
Earn A+ style with this easy-match long-sleeve polo, featuring a classic button placket and soft cotton-blend fabric for long-lasting comfort.   meets many schools' uniform requirements ribbed collar and cuffs partial button placket cotton/polyester washable imported  
A fun blend of casual and formal, our chiffon blouse is a light and airy staple for any warm-weather wardrobe. v-neck long sleeves button front polyester washable imported
Made from eco-friendly bamboo, these Edward salad hands are easy-gripping tools ideal for tossing salads or mixing pasta dishes.   ergonomically-designed naturally anti-microbial bamboo inhibits bacterial growth free from pesticides and fertilizers; non-toxic, food-safe glue Notreeinum-compressed bamboo fiber. Hand wash. Measures 4x½x8H. Imported.
Smart style leads the way with our pretty dress and coordinating jacket; a perfect choice for any weather. roundneck short sleeves approx.  36½ length from shoulder polyester/rayon/spandex jacket: polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported  
Enjoy comfortable cushioned support every time you step from the shower with the Memory Foam bath rug.   ultra-soft 3/4 pile polyester  durable, tufted design resists matting nonskid latex backing Each rug sold separately. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Oblong rugs: available in 17x24, 20x33 or 24x40 Contour rug (fits around toilet base): 21x24
For a stylish look that's right on trend, these gladiator sandals always hit the mark. textile upper ¼ platform lace up textile/rubber sole
Comfort and style effortlessly combine in these mid-rise Dickies pants, complete with a moderate-flare leg, elastic waist and enough pockets to carry all of her must-have essentials. elastic waist 2 front pockets, cargo pocket 30½ inseam cotton/rayon/spandex washable imported
Play all day with this decorative pillow featuring a cute fire truck that can be moved through the printed maze to save the day. interactive design with removable fire truck gray and red design measures 16x16 Polyester felt with cotton/polyester back; polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Add a pop of flirty color to your warm-weather wardrobe with our sleeveless fit-and-flare dress, featuring allover lace and a flowy sharkbite hem. v-neck sleeveless back zipper 37¾ length from shoulder polyester lining lace nylon hand wash, line dry imported
Our St. John’s Bay cargo swim trunks are solid in every way, from the extra space to the versatile, board-friendly length. Available in your choice of fresh and bright colors. contrast-colored inner waist and inner pocket flap elastic waist with tab and drawstring closure side-seam pockets leg flap pocket with self-adhesive closure 11 inseam shell: cotton/nylon brief and pocket lining: polyester washable imported  
Feel fabulous in this genuine peridot ring with a cross-section of diamonds.   Metal: 10K yellow gold Stones: 7x5mm pear-shaped genuine peridot Other Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 5.1mm Size: 7 only   Ring is only available in size 7 at jcp.com Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With 360° viewing angles in landscape and portrait form, this faux-leather case will protect your iPad Mini while giving you full access to all its functions.   close the cover to sleep wakes up when opened faux leather ideal for work or travel Polyvinyl. Measures 7½x5½x¾H. Wipe clean with a dry cloth. Imported.        iPad Mini is a registered trademark of Apple, Inc.
A pretty print perfects our empire-waist bandeaukini swim top from Arizona. detachable strap removable soft cups partially lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Versatile, comfortable and cool, this short-sleeve striped tee by Arizona is sure to become one of his new favorites. v-neck cotton/polyester washable imported
An enchanting new scent joins the floral Dolce garden. Dolce Rosa Excelsa truly captures rose petals in bloom. Opening the fragrance, neroli leaves and papaya dissipate into a white water lily and white daffodil bouquet. A charmingly rich African dog rose heart emerges alongside intense pink-flowered Turkish rose absolute. Finally, musky cashmeran and sandalwood trail sensual, earthy, and piquant spices in the base.Recalling the Dolce bottle, the thick-frosted glass and a flower-sculpted crimson cap showcase the exquisite pale pink elixir.Notes:Papaya Flower, Neroli leaves, White Amaryllis, White Daffodil, White water Lily, African Dog Rose, Turkish Rose Absolute, Cashmeran, Musk, Sandalwood.Style:Fresh. Floral. 
When your workday calls for a heavyweight tee, grab this one from Dickies and enjoy industrial-strength comfort from the brand you trust.   chest pocket tagless back neck taped neck and shoulder seams cotton washable imported
What it is:An innovative tool that painlessly and easily removes tangles and knots as it works through wet or dry hair. What it is formulated to do:The Original Detangling Hairbrush features a patented teeth formation that bends and flexes throughout the hair without locking into tangles. It minimizes hair breakage and cuticle damage while adding shine. Use in the shower to brush through conditioning treatments or after hair is dry for pain-free detangling. Great for use on all hair types, it is ergonomically designed to fit snugly in your palm for creative styling and easy handling. What else you need to know:All Tangle Teezer products are designed and manufactured in Great Britain. Suggested Usage:-Use on wet or dry hair to remove knots/tangles and to add shine to the hair throughout the day. Precautions:-Do not use with heat tools.
Get a fresh denim look with our soft jeans, featuring an in-style elastic cuff.  relaxed fit zip-and-button closure 5-pocket styling flat front straight leg elastic cuff cotton/polyester washable imported
Fun braided straps and a casual design give these sandals the perfect vibe for your low-key days. synthetic upper adjustable ankle strap rubber sole
What it is: A foundation with buildable coverage that instantly conceals blemishes with an invisible, flawless finish. What it does: Conceal blemishes, pigmentation marks, scars, and dark spots with this foundation that provides a natural, beautiful finish. This formula blends with your skintone to create an invisible veil, like a second skin that adapts to all the movements of the face for optimum comfort all-day long. Hyaluronic acid smooths the skin, while antioxidant vitamin E protects against external stressors. Soft focus pigments blur out blemishes and soften the appearance of wrinkles for a youthful-looking, even complexion. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens What else you need to know: This oil-free, long-lasting formula conceals for up to 10 hours. Research results: According to a consumer test on 60 female volunteers for 9 days: - 80% agreed the texture of the foundation is like a second skin - 93% agreed the foundation provides coverage - 90% agreed the foundation perfectly evens skintone - 80% agreed the foundation decreases the visibility of pores - 83% agreed the foundation provides a natural finish - 80% felt as though the foundation took genuine care of their skin Suggested Usage: How to choose the right foundation shade: -Pinkish complexion: Beige tone -Yellowish complexion: Slightly pinkish tone -Matte complexion: Avoid beige which gives a grayish hue; choose a matte beige tone with a light hint of apricot How to apply: -Apply a smoothing primer on the face and neck. -Apply four small dabs of 10HR Wear Perfection Foundation on the forehead, cheeks, and chin. -Using Foundation Brush # 47, blend the foundation as much as possible from the center of the face outwards, and to the neck. -Apply evenly close to the eyes, around the nose, mouth, and neck for a homogeneous flawless finish. -Gently pat on to avoid lines. -Can also be applied with fingertips or a sponge. Size:0.84 ozIngredients:​Water, Dimethicone, Isohexadecane, Dimethicone Crosspolymer, CI 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), Peg-10 Dimethicone, Alcohol, Propanediol, Butylene Glycol, Polybutene, Acrylates Copolymer, CI 77491 (Iron Oxides), Ozokerite, Magnesium Sulfate, Phenoxyethanol, CI 77499 (Iron Oxides), Tocopheryl Acetate, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Peg-10, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Cellulose, Sodium Potassium Aluminum Silicate, Sodium Dehydroacetate, Propylene Carbonate, Aluminum Hydroxide, BHT, Silica, Sodium Hyaluronate.
Twill trim structures the collared design of our short-sleeve shirt—the perfect choice for school-to-summer style.   button front piqué knit cotton/spandex cotton trim washable imported
Prepare all your favorite foods at home with the versatile and stylish professional stainless steel panini grill/griddle.   grill hamburgers, griddle bacon or cook the perfect panini dual zone temperature controls allow you to prepare two different foods at once nonstick grill/griddle plates are reversible for cooking versatility unit opens flat to provide 240 square inches of total grilling space SpaceWise® hinge system adjusts so you can grill the thickest sandwiches evenly removable grill/griddle plates and drip tray are dishwasher-safe 1500W. 12x12.2x9½H. Wipe exterior with a damp cloth. Imported.
Top off her outfit with this long-sleeve cardigan for a finishing touch of preppy style.   long sleeves crewneck anti-pill acrylic washable imported
The Tan Chenille Jacobean comforter set is a bold mixture of traditional multi-colored jacquard in shades of rust, teal and gold. gold textural fabric with elegant pleats diamond jacquard and soft chenille reverse embroidered detail with unique trimming coordinating accessories sold separately polyester; polyester fill dry clean; spot clean decorative pillows queen comforter: 92x96 king and cal. king comforter: 110x96 imported   4-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 18 drop   Queen sets include standard shams. King and cal. king sets include king shams.King and cal. king comforters are designed to be the same size while the coordinating bedskirt is made to fit the specific type you order.
Whether you have just one or an entire wall of windows, Martha Stewart offers sheer panels with subtle prints that dress every window with style. Reminiscent of the French countryside, these rod-pocket panels add a touch of romance and charm to your surroundings.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart printed open weave that is lightweight and incredibly soft 3 rod pocket accommodates a variety of rod sizes 3 bottom hem; 1 side hem available in colors that complement your home’s decor MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at jcpenney Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Condiments, dressings and dips can be stylishly displayed at your next get-together with this three-section server featuring a fine porcelain design.   coordinates beautifully with other JCPenney Home Whiteware pieces perfect for everyday use or special occasions oven, microwave and freezer safe 22.5-ounce capacity Porcelain. Measures 13x2½”H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Our pants feature a double waistband with trouser hooks and a straight leg for a comfortable, professional look. double waistband with trouser hooks straight leg mid rise 34 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Sleek tie bar instantly upgrades your neckwear with the classic multicolored logo of the Caped Crusader.   slide closure 2 x ⅜ silver-plated metal/enamel imported
Clusters of round clear crystals really glisten against the sterling silver background of this spacer bead. Fits other brands of bracelets, too.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Round, clear crystals Size: 9mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This beautiful pink sham makes the perfect complement to your Princess Forever comforter.   super-soft microfiber finish white floral design on a soft pink background easy-care, washable fabric measures 20x26 Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Whether he's in the heat of the game or hanging out around the house, these athletic shorts will keep him cool and comfortable.   printed shorts heat-stamp logo on front and back elastic waist polyester washable imported
With just the right touch of trendy ombre coloring, our Alfred Dunner layered sweater brings some modern excitement to your wardrobe and then it tops it off with a pretty necklace for a pulled together look.   crewneck with necklace 3/4 sleeves approx. 22-24 length polyester/acrylic cami: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Our versatile, lightweight twill jacket provides comfortable coverage when you’re on the go.   contrast front and back yokes ombré taping trim on sleeves zip front side pockets polyester polyester lining washable imported
It takes one step at a time to reach your fitness goals, so get going with this pedometer sport watch that tracks distance and calories burned as you walk around the neighborhood or track. Brand: Everlast Dial Color: Gray Strap: Gray/black silicone Movement: Quartz Case Width: 47mm Case Thickness: 14mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 22mm wide Model No.: EVWPD003BK Special Features: Stopwatch; alarm; measures distance traveled; tracks calories burned; auto sleep; EL backlight Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
You'll forget what having sore feet feels like with our ultra-comfortable yet durable slip-resistant work boots from Wolverine.   technology DuraShocks® technology provides added comfort and support permanent direct-attach moldings seal out water construction nubuck leather upper rubber sole details lace up removeable double-density footbed polyurethane midsole fiberglass shank slip-resistant
Featuring a highly polished design and enamel-inlaid bezel, this pair of cuff links is sure to make a statement. rhodium-plated straight backs ⅝ x ⅝  brass/enamel made in America
It’s easy to introduce some color into your ensemble with this bracelet watch featuring a sporty multifunction look.   Dial Color: Rose-tone Strap: Rose-tone brass Movement: Quartz Case Width: 36mm Case Thickness: 11mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 36mm wide Model No.: 17168   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Protect your mattress with this comfy Isotonic mattress pad.   300 thread-count cotton cover fits mattresses up to 20 deep keeps you at a comfortable temperature pinwheel quilt design Polyester/spandex skirt.  Washable.  Made in America of imported materials.
Comfy adidas pants with iconic, triple striping have a tapered leg that lets you do a lot more than pregame warmups.   elastic waist with interior drawcord side-seam pockets three-striped legs left leg logo embroidery open bottom with zipper polyester washable imported
Get her romping around in this sleeveless cotton romper featuring a cute gingham print, a great choice to pair with a shirt or leggings for an adorable layered look.   3 front buttons sleeveless cinched waist nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
The double-stacked waist of our skinny ankle pants will help to complement your curves in all the right places. slim fit mid rise double-stacked waist 30 1/2 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Make the next celebration extra special with our gorgeous cake stand adorned with gold details.  glass hand wash only 13x13x4H imported
Share holiday warmth with this thoughtful Soup for Two gift basket. Includes delicious soups, sweet treats to savor afterwards and mugs and a basket that can be enjoyed for years to come. Set includes: Brown & Haley Chocolate Graham (.7oz) Lindt Assorted Truffles (2) Wind & Willow Grilled Cheese & Tomato Soup Mix (1.6oz) Wind & Willow Broccoli Cheddar Soup Mix (1.6oz) Brown Mugs (2) Black Pepper Water Crackers (8oz) Ceramic mugs; hand wash. Gift set is 2½lbs; 12½x10x6½. Made in America. 
Keep it simple and comfy in these canvas upper shoes. canvas upper 1¼ heel Sachetto construction leather sole
Navigate through your daily agenda with our hobo bag large enough to hold all your essentials and more. top strap, 14 drop top zip closure synthetic 1 exterior back zip pocket 1 interior front zip pocket and 2 back slide pockets 14(H) x 15(W) x 4(D) imported
Make a lovely impression in the delicate details of our lace sheath dress—perfect for daytime style and after-hours parties. cap sleeves roundneck back zipper 36½ length from shoulder nylon/spandex polyester lining hand wash, dry flat imported
Whether worn over a blouse or a dress, our peplum suit jacket will accent any ensemble with a chic, professional finish. 21 front length cotton/spandex polyester lining imported washable
Enjoy brilliant sound and a stage-worthy look with this drum set that has everything you need to get started on your path to greatness. designed and performance-tested in the USA includes everything you need to play right out of the box great for producing a variety of sounds durable all-wood shells heavy-duty, double-braced hardware with non-slip rubber feet includes drumsticks and drum tuning key hardware includes snare stand, cymbal boom stand, hi-hat stand, single chain drive bass drum pedal, two tom arms and throne wood/metal alloy/mylar wipe clean 51x46x41H assembly required; key tool included imported 5-piece set includes: 16x20 bass drum 8x10 and 9x12 toms 14x14 floor tom 5.5x14 snare drum 14 hi-hats and 16 crash cymbal
Update your formal style with these flat-front suit pants from JF J. Ferrar, featuring an eye-catching, lustrous fabric and modern, slim fit.   slim fit sits at waist zip fly with hook and eye closure flat front straight leg hemmed shell: polyester/rayon lining: polyester dry clean only imported
A stretch fit lends modern style to this easy-care shirt from JF J. Ferrar. easy care performance mechanical stretch specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering spread collar double-folded placket reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring a elbow-length cape sleeves and a tie behind the neck, this top is one you'll love to wear any day of the week.   v-neck approx. 28⅛-29 ¾ length polyester washable imported
Our v-neck lattice peasant top is a cute and easy addition to your relaxed wardrobe. v-neck short sleeves approx. 26 length rayon/spandex washable imported
Find your comfort zone in these cotton pajama pants, featuring a classic all-around fit in your choice of fresh patterns. regular fit elastic waist with drawstring button fly side seam pockets 100% cotton washable imported  
Our seamed jacket’s single-button front and long roll-cuff sleeves give you plenty of freedom of movement.•    notch collar•    long sleeves•    2 front faux welt pockets•    polyester/rayon/spandex•    polyester lining•    washable•    imported  
With an easy transitional pattern, along with a tonal pallet to match any room, this elegant tailored valance is made to block light, while giving windows a classic style.  neutral colors for easy matching 8 oil-rubbed bronze 1.5 grommets 1 bottom hem, 1 side hem 50x18L sold individually coordinating curtain panels sold separately polyester washable imported
What it is: A fully rounded large powder brush.What it does: This brush helps facilitate easy application of pressed and loose powders onto the skin. Its full, round shape allows for even product distribution of powder foundations, setting powders, bronzers, and blush. DuPont™ Natrafil® technology, a synthetic, advanced fiber that feels and looks like natural hair, picks up and releases product to better provide flawless, buildable coverage. The birch wood handle allows for steady application and is resistant to chipping.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dyes- Petrochemicals- Phthalates- GMOs- TriclosanWhat else you need to know: This brush is PETA-approved, vegan, and cruelty free.Suggested Usage:-Apply powder textures to the tip of the brush and blend onto face and body.
Cook quick and tasty meals for the whole family with the George Foreman grill. The 4-serving area of the grill is ideal for burgers and chicken for the whole family, or for a smaller meal complete with grilled vegetables. cook for the whole family on the grilling surface with room enough for 4 servings durable George Tough nonstick coating prevents the need for oil or butter, making the cooking process easier and healthier new and improved coating is 3 times more durable than previous models durable classic grill plates cook food quickly, searing in the tasty juices that give food its flavor adjustable cooking angle lets you control how much fat drips away from your food, and even allows for a flat grilling surface 1 floating hinge accommodates a wide range of foods and maintains their thickness 4-serving size capacity metal/plastic 9.88x5.25x13.38 wipe plates clean imported
What it is: A nourishing body oil with a euphoric scent of citrus rose. What it is formulated to do: Named for the semiprecious stone, Citrine is a sparkling blend of pure, natural botanical oilsincluding rosehip oil and orange blossom oilfor nourished and hydrated skin with a euphoric scent. It blends a lightweight texture with deep hydration. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: This product contains absolutely no artificial ingredients, fillers, alcohol, animal ingredients, fragrances, artificial colors, or unnatural preservatives. Each ingredient is included for a therapeutic reason. No animal testing is conducted on Herbivore’s products or ingredients. Suggested Usage: -Apply directly to skin or to palm of hand and then massage in. -Absorbs best when skin is slightly damp after bath or shower. Size:4 ozIngredients:-Rosehip Oil: Deeply moisturizes and is high in antioxidant omegas 3,6,9, and trans-retinoic acid which aids in preventing the appearance of premature aging. -Meadowfoam Oil: Forms a natural protective barrier to keep moisture and vitamins in the skin. Jojoba Oil, Meadowfoam Oil, Rosehip Oil, Apricot Seed Oil, Capric Triglyceride, Neroli Oil, Orange Blossom Oil, Rose Absolute, Vitamin E Oil.
Featuring a super-fast heat-up time, this convenient, compact hairsetter lets you enjoy natural-looking, long-lasting style even when you’re on the go.   true ceramic technology for even heat distribution patented roller design with starter strips dual voltage system includes soft fabric pouch Plastic/ceramic with fabric pouch. Imported. 12-roller set includes: 8 large 1 rollers 4 medium ¾ rollers 12 wire clips
You'll love the simple design of our trifold wallet, with plenty of space for all your essentials. trifold polyurethane stitched detail 6 interior card slots, 2 slip pockets, 1 ID window, 1 bill compartment and 1 zipper 4x3.25x0.5D wipe clean imported
Our a.n.a® v-neck t-shirt gives your wardrobe a basic piece it needs to be truly successful and versatile. v-neck short sleeves relaxed fit, cut generously through the body approx 26½ length 100% cotton washable imported
Look polished, professional and wrinkle-free in this comfortable, all-cotton dress shirt from Claiborne. wrinkle-free finish fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering spread collar button front long sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
These romantic and traffic-stopping heels are going to make a big impression on your great fashion sense. satin-like polyester upper adjustable ankle strap 4 heel height ½ platform polyurethane sole
Performance-ready shorts are made from sweat-wicking fabric to keep you comfortable and dry, with a tight fit that’s perfect for running or working out.   tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin credit card pocket at inside waistband 3½ inseam jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported
Engrave this wishbone pendant necklace with the name of the person who makes all your dreams come true. Maximum 10 characters. Made in America. Metal: 10K white gold Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long rope chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Whether you wear it over your favorite pair of jeans or dress it up, our embroidered tunic makes for the perfect layering option. roundneck 3/4 sleeves 100% cotton washable imported petite: 26¾-28¾ length misses: 28 5/8-30 9/16 length 
Classic elegance meets modern style. This women's watch from Citizen® shines with the light of diamond accents. The shimmering diamond stones surround the bezel and add glitter to the sleek white dial. Features include a date function.   Brand: Citizen Dial Color: White Bracelet: Stainless Steel Clasp: Deployment clasp Movement: Quartz Model No.: EW0894-57D Diamond accent: the look of diamonds at an unbeatable value. Item contains one or more diamonds at less than .10 ct. t.w. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our cute and minimalist top features lace shoulders and flowy fabric for calming vibes. scoopneck long sleeves 27 length rayon/polyester lace: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Our nightshirt features a pullover design, so you can stay cozy and comfortable all night.  notch collar 3/4 sleeves button front pullover design contrast trim 33.5 length from shoulders polyester/spandex washable imported
Our valance features a Southwest theme with a striped jacquard design in warm hues to bring a warm, relaxing feel to your home. rod-pocket design for easy installation 3 rod pocket 88x17 sold individually coordinating window treatments sold separately polyester dry clean imported
He'll be the true king of the jungle with our comfortable cotton Lion Guard tee. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
With a dial displaying one of her favorite accessories, this two-tone watch will make you as stylish as Minnie Mouse herself.   Brand: Disney Dial Color: Multicolor Accents: Cubic zirconia Strap: Gold-tone metal alloy Water Resistance: 50m Movement: Quartz Model No.: W002690 Special Features: Mineral glass crystal dial   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our sterling silver adjustable toe ring will be the perfect accent to any look.  Metal: Sterling silverJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A favorite of yoga studio owners because of its its length and thickness, this deluxe yoga mat's grippy design stays put to keep your mind focused on the physical task at hand.   durable ¼ thick foam for added joint comfort and support latex-free materials textured anti-slip surface open cell design absorbs moisture from hands and feet PVC foam. Measures 24x72L. Hand wash and clean with cleansing wipes. Imported.
Bring the essence of the Caribbean home with this dinnerware collection featuring gentle shades reminiscent of the beautiful sea that surrounds its namesake.   durable stoneware construction reactive glazed finish perfect for entertaining and everyday dining microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 11 dinner plates four 8¼ salad plates four 16-ounce bowls four 10-ounce mugs  Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Savvy stripes and a quarter zip design lend cool style to this cozy, all-cotton sweater from IZOD. mock collar quarter-zip front long sleeves ribbed collar, cuffs and hem 100% cotton washable imported
Inspired by the arts of the 18th and 19th centuries, this European-influenced wool rug design features an elaborate center medallion that is balanced by the Greek key border. A latex/cotton backing finishes this rug in style.   hand-tufted construction highly durable wool ⅜ pile height; ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Latex/cotton Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported It's perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep it under control until the rug has been seasoned and no longer sheds.
Men's workwear bib overall is insulated to take on the coldest of days.   Men's workwear bib overall: elasticized adjustable shoulder straps seam-sealed waterproof seat waterproof double knees exclusive double fronts legs turned under hem allow for 3 extension chest pocket with pencil slot loss-proof chest pocket for cell phone generous fit with gusset crotch  heavy-duty 2-way leg zippers from ankle to hip 100% cotton washed Tough Duck™ quilted 6-oz. polyester insulation washable imported
These soft shorts help you power through your workouts and games with climalite® functionality and iconic adidas style. climalite moisture-wicking fabric relaxed fit elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets mesh side panels 10 inseam polyester washable imported
Show your quirky side with a super-trendy graphic t-shirt that fits and feels as cool as it looks. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported  
Boasting targeted cushioning and moisture-wicking technology, our Champion quarter performance socks go the extra mile so you can too. package of 4 pairs       Double Dry technology wicks moisture away to keep feet cool and dry arch support for a secure, stable fit cushioned heel and toe in high-impact areas   polyester/spandex/other fibers           washable imported fits shoe sizes 5-9
She's brightened your life numerous times; return the favor with this diamond-accent link bracelet that spells out MOM across the hearts. Metal: 18K two-tone gold over brass Stone: Diamond accent Closure: Box Dimensions: 8mm wide; 7¼ long Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The Academy tee from Nike lends cool comfort to your active days with a moisture-wicking fabric and strategically placed mesh inserts. Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabrichelps keep you cool and dry mesh inserts for enhanced ventilation taped crewneck short sleeves chest Swoosh polyester washable imported
Add some pretty flair to your casual style with this 3-pair set of gold-tone stud earrings.Metal: Gold-tone metal Back: Post Dimensions: ½x½ longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail
Dress up your room with the eye-catching Pali sheer panel.   subtle allover geometric pattern softly filters light 3 rod pocket Panels are sold individually. Rayon/polyester. Dry clean. Imported.
Flower power forever! Let her room blossom with the Sweet Flower comforter set featuring adorable, colorful flowers.   lively print of pink, green and blue flowers with pink border textured microfiber fabric for a soft feel includes a butterfly decorative pillow 3-piece Twin comforter set includes: comforter sham decorative pillow 4-piece Full/Queen comforter set includes: comforter 2 shams decorative pillow  Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable. Polyester pillow with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. Twin comforter: 66x90 Full/Queen comforter: 86x90 Butterfly decorative pillow: 12x10
Our tee features a tie-back and cute graphic print along with a necklace to accent her cute look. includes necklace scoopneck short sleeves crochet trim front: polyester/rayon back: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Perfect for any active boy who likes to run, our athletic shoes provide a great combination of cushioning and breathability for all-day comfort. technology full-length Phylon midsole offers a lightweight, resilient feel construction mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up sandwich-style materials offer support while overlays provide heel lockdown flex grooves provide traction and a natural transition
Add some warm weather sass to her wardrobe with our cute graphic tee. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Make a splash this summer with the comfort and protection of our lightweight Nike Sunray adjustable toddlers' sandals. technology lightweight Phylon midsole with sensory motion engineered flexibility and comfort construction stretchable, quick dry synthetic upper non-marking rubber sole provides traction and durability details 2 Velcro® strap closures for easy on/off and a secure fit  
Keep warm without sacrificing movement with our vest hoodie from City Streets. roundneck body: polyester/spandex side insets: nylon/spandex washable imported
Layer up without giving up your signature style in this graphic thermal from Levi’s. crewneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported  
Highlights of brown and rust create pops of color on this ikat-inspired rug making it a beautiful addition to any room in your home. SmartStrand® fibers provide built-in stain resistance woven construction durable polyester crafted in America 0.43 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean or professionally clean. Origin: Made in America  
Return to the classics with our comfort-rich Liz Claiborne t-shirt. roundneck approx. 27½ length 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
Featuring a graceful design with subtle distressing techniques, this beautiful bed effortlessly brightens up your bedroom.   wood and MDF construction antique white finish dado joinery includes headboard, footboard and rails Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported. Queen: 65Wx82Dx58H King: 81Wx82Dx58H
He'll be the envy of every kid on the playground in our cool sneakers with a flashy strap.  construction textile/synthetic/metal upper synthetic sole details velcro strap ombre mesh
Unique in all aspects, this leather strap watch brings your look full circle with its striped dial, rose-tone webbed faceplate, blue hands and shark’s teeth markers. Brand: Stührling  Dial Color: Rose-tone Strap: Brown leather Clasp: Tang buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 40mm  Case Thickness: 8.54mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 20mm wide Model No.: 398.3345K54 Special Features: Stührling wings logo on buckle Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
It's double the fun with our pendant necklace featuring an open heart with Mom on it and another heart that can be personalized with names of family members. Made in America.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverClosure: Spring-ringLength: 18 rope chainPersonalize: Up to 5 names (up to 7 script characters each) Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Strap details and hardware accents give these chic faux-suede boots a tough-girl edge that complements your style. polyester upper 2 heel 7¼ shaft height 12 shaft circumference rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
These Muk Luks® Eric printed berber suede slippers hold up indoors and can handle occasional trips outside to the garage, grill or mailbox.   slip-on design suede upper cushioned polyester insole indoor/outdoor treaded rubber sole spot clean only imported
Take the basics up a notch and go for style in our mixed media woven-and-knit T-shirt with a twist of saturated hues to brighten your look. roundneck chest pocket approx. 28⅛ - 30⅛ front length rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Energize your footwear collection with these bold striped crew socks. cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported
Feel gorgeous inside and out in our wireless bra from Playtex, boasting beautiful lace accents and seamless, lightly padded cups for shaping and support. full figure full support    stunning stretch lace detail across neckline and straps               non-stretch straps for a personalized fit    seamless cups for a smooth look under clothes    thin foam cups for shaping and support   wireless frame with extra bottom band support  polyester hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #4573H
Add a little bling to your wardrobe with our delightful rhinestone-embellished wedges. polyurethane upper with rhinestones EVA outer sole 
Start with this patterned watch and then add your accessories for a great way to highlight your effortless style. An easy-to-wear expansion bracelet stretches to fit most wrists. Brand: Decree Dial Color: Assorted Strap: Stainless steel Movement: Quartz Case Width: 36mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 2mm wide Model No.: Black dial is DCR136; white dial is DCR137; pink dial is DCR138 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Whether you’re replacing an existing set of kitchen utensils or looking to add more cooking gadgets, this bamboo cooking set will do the job. strong bamboo construction great gift for any professional or home chef 7-piece set includes: turner spatula rounded fork single-hole mixing spoon slotted spatula slotted spoon bamboo spoon bamboo holder Bamboo. Hand wash utensils; wipe holder clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Gold and silver-tone stripes give this stainless steel watch an elegant look you’ll want to show off. Also includes a date display and world-class Bulova quality construction.   Brand: Bulova Dial Color: Silver-tone Strap: Gold-tone stainless steel Clasp: Foldover with pushers Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 26mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7¼” long, 14mm wide Model No.: 98M105 Special Features: date display, 3 ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Accented with simulated pearls, this long rosary necklace blends faith with unbelievable style.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Simulated pearls Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 34 chain with 4 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
For maximum aroma and flavor retention nothing beats the Infinity Conical Burr Grinder. Conical burr grinders provide the widest range of precision grinding for every type of brewing method from Turkish, espresso, drip coffee, French press, pour-over brewers and percolators.   Extremely wide grinding range from ultrafine Turkish to coarse for all kinds of coffee preparation Commercial-grade solid conical steel burrs with advanced cutting design for high precision grinding 16 clearly marked fineness settings with four levels for each: extra fine, fine, regular and coarse Gear reduction motor grinds slow with reduced noise and little static build-up Slowest grinding speed in its class creates less friction and heat buildup preserving maximum aroma and flavor for all grind settings Safety lock system for safe operation during and after use; auto off when upper burr is not locked Upper conical burr removable for easy cleaning Tight-fitting ground coffee container holds up to 4 oz of ground coffee See-through bean container holds up to 8.8 oz of beans Timer can be set to grind from 5 to 60 seconds Pulse grinding Elegant, timeless and user friendly design   Includes: Cleaning Brush Measuring Scoop Die-cast stainless steel construction. 100W. Imported.
Perfect for the fashion-conscious man, our supple leather boots finish off your casual look with minimalistic flair. construction leather upper rubber sole details lace up
Whimsical treble clef earrings in polished sterling silver are an easy way to jazz up your look.Metal: Sterling silverBack: FrictionDimensions: 5x10mm longJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
When the game heats up, these moisture-wicking shorts from Xersion will keep him looking and feeling cool. Quick-Dri moisture-wicking fabric elastic waist polyester washable imported
What it is:A small, pointed brush with a dense head for applying foundation with added precision.What it does:The density of the tuft and pointed shape of this foundation brush provide more coverage, yet are ideal for specific areas like smile lines and eyelids. The brush features straight fibers, and can be used with cream and liquid foundations.What else you need to know:After five years in development with makeup artists and fiber experts, MAKE UP FOR EVER Artisan Brushes are a revolution in brush craftsmanship. The 100-percent fiber brushes are available in a range of 76 handcrafted styles, each with the perfect balance of straight and wavy fibers that replicate natural hairs. Beveled tips create a two-in-one makeup brush and tool, while innovative hair density and brush head shapes optimize every stroke for ideal makeup application. To achieve the ultimate collection, every brush has gone through 25 production stages by 30 craftsmen and has been checked for quality 50 times.Ingredients-Salicylic Acid 1%Water, Caprylic/Capric Triglycerides, Pentylene Glycol, Silica, Sodium Magnesium Silicate,Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Trilaureth-4 Phosphate, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Thyme Extract, Cetyl Alcohol, Phenoxyethanol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Stearyl Alcohol, 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol, Butylene Glycol , Enantia Chlorantha Bark Extract, Oleanolic Acid, Bakuchiol, Ammonium Acryloyldimethyltaurate/VP Copolymer, Xantham Gum, Ceramide 3, Ceramide 6, Ceramide 1, Phytosphingosine, Cholesterol, Sodium Lauroyl Lactylate, Carbomer, Sodium Hydroxide, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Bisabolol, Salicyloyl Phytosphingosine, Citric Acid. May Contain: Titanium Dioxide Cl 77891, Iron Oxides Cl 77492, Iron Oxides Cl 77491, Iron Oxides Cl 77499, Chromium Oxide Green CI 77288.
Romantic and flattering, our flouncy peplum top is a feminine versatile style that's perfect for professional days or evenings out. roundneck sleeveless approx. 24¼-26¼ length back zipper polyester/spandex washable imported 
Add a pop of color and classic style to your look with these clip-on earrings featuring blue acrylic stones and crystals.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Blue acrylic stones and crystals Back: Clip-on Dimensions: .72x.72   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Make a splash in these patterned swim trunks from St. John’s Bay, constructed of soft and durable microfiber. relaxed fit half-elastic waist fly with Velcro® mesh liner 2 side-seam pockets back patch pocket with flap 10 inseam polyester washable imported
Slip into comfort and style each morning and evening wearing our comfy-chic slipper socks featuring a furry sherpa lining. polyester shell polyester lining machine wash, dry flat imported
French cuffs and a covered placket add timeless sophistication to this boldly colored dress shirt from Stacy Adams. regular fit spread collar covered placket chest pocket with embroidered logo convertible French cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
Timeless and stylish, our short-sleeve burnout top is an easy choice for looking your best. A coordinating necklace completes the look. includes necklace crewneck short sleeves shell: rayon/polyester inner: polyester washable imported
This round dining table set presents tapered clean lines for a fresh, modern and timeless appeal.   deep, rich espresso finish coordinates with the Hillsdale Nottingham dining ensemble easy care faux-leather seat cover upholstered chair backs Set includes: Table: 53½x30H 4 chairs: each 23x20x40½H; 19 seat height Hardwoods/climate-controlled wood composites. Measures 53½x30H. Ready to assemble; tools included. Imported.
These slim-fit, tapered leg jeans have a 3x1 crosshatch denim for an authentic look and feel. The hand abrasions and heavily worn down fabric spots give these jeans an individual authentic vintage look. slim fit straight leg 5-pocket styling zip fly 100% cotton washable imported
Get ready to get fit, or just lounge around in comfort, in our fashion-forward Liz Claiborne jogger pants.   drawstring waist 20 inseam rayon/spandex washable imported
Set your plates with our symmetrical round placemats and bring a complete circular motif to your table. woven set of 6 polypropylene each placemat has a 14¾ diameter shake briskly and wipe with damp sponge imported
Get a cute sporty look in our compression capris that are great for running or hanging out on the couch.  Quick-Dri moisture-wicking fabric 1 enhanced elastic waist with drawstring inside key pocket no-chafe seams 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
A casual look with upscale elegance, our men's tank watch features a textured enamel dial and a comfortable leather strap.   Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: SilverStrap: Brown leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzCase Width: 33mmCase Thickness: 8mmBracelet Dimensions: 9 long, 24mm wideModel No.: 52271Special Features: Textured rectangular dial, second hand   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.    
Stay comfortable, yet professional in Chef Designs cook pants.   side-elastic waistband for extra comfort zip fly with snap closure 2 on-seam side pockets 2 back pockets unfinished inseam polyester/cotton washable imported more sizes: regular, big
Age Group: AdultBand Color: BrownWatch Movement: QuartzDial Color: Multi-ColorBase Material: PlasticBattery Operated: Yes
Designed with your active lifestyle in mind, our cotton-soft long-sleeve T-shirt provides the perfect amount of stretch to hug the body—making it the perfect layering piece—and features Dri-Release® fabric that wicks away moisture to keep you dry and warm. FreshGuard® controls odor thumbholes on cuff for warmth and ease in layering  polyester/cotton/spandex jersey washable imported
Symbolizing the one who's left their footprints on your heart, this adorable pendant necklace is personalized with a name and birthstone. Crafted of sterling silver. Made in America. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stone: 2.5mm round lab-created gemstone Setting: Bead Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long rope chain Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. Personalize with up to 10 letters in script font. Choose one birthstone. Use the letter key below to represent the month. A=January B=February C=March D=April E=May F=June G=July H=August I=September J=October K=November L=December
Our sleeveless floral print dress will hug your curves in all the right places—giving you confidence and chic style for any occasion. v-neck sleeveless back zipper 41 length from shoulder polyester lining polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Downtime is heavenly in our comfy, microfleece nightgown from Earth Angels, featuring pretty lace and pintuck details around the yoke. midweight  v-neck 1/2-buton placket lace at yoke long sleeves polyester washable imported
Slip into our comfortable jeweled sandals for a shimmering look that will liven up a warm day.  synthetic upper embellished single band braided toe strap synthetic sole
With a classic, sophisticated silhouette, our wool-blend walking coat will keep you warm and comfortable every day of the week. solids: wool/polyester/other fibers plaid: polyester/acrylic/other fibers/wool dry clean only                    imported petite: 36'' length from shoulder misses: 38 length from shoulder
Base your best looks on these classic mini-houndstooth suit pants, featuring pure wool construction and a flat-front cut.   flat-front polyester lining 100% wool dry clean only imported
So much fun style that it's a shame to only wear this adorable outfit as a cover-up. roundneck sleeveless approx. 31 length polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
true Let this microwave do the thinking for you. Simply enter the weight of the food, and the oven automatically sets the optimal defrosting time and power level. 1.1 cu. ft. capacity 950 Watts instant on controls give you one-touch operation turntable rotates food throughout cycle control lockout helps prevent accidental operation
Creative seams along with waist of our straight-leg pants will give your form finesse.   zip fly with hook-and-bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front slash pockets 2 back faux welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 33 inseam misses short: 31 inseam misses long: 35 inseam
Keep your hanging clothes neat and wrinkle free. This dress-length carry-on garment bag keeps your garments securely on the hangers during travel so they're fresh and ready to wear when you arrive. water resistant lightweight easy-carry fastening handles WallyLock® secures hangers at the top holds up to 6 or more garments full-length center zipper 2 pockets for shoes and accessories polyester 22x3x52H; weighs 2 pounds imported
Bold and brilliant, this watch features an abundance of individually hand-set crystals on the dial, bezel and links. Its distinctive design includes luminous-tipped hands and markers, and a scratch-resistant sapphire crystal.   Brand: Wittnauer Dial Color: White Accents: 351 crystals on dial, bezel and links Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: 2-push deployant Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Thickness: 9.5mm Model No.: WN3013 Special Features: Luminous-tipped hands and markers; sapphire crystal; crystal cabochon crown   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Let her mix-and-match her style with this trendy top featuring a cross-strap back.  crewneck cross-strap back short sleeves cotton/spandex washable imported
  Subtle slouch styling lends a casual look and feel to the Dingo Marlee boots. Boasting an all-leather upper with a rounded toe and classic cowboy-boot heel, these boots are simply meant to pair with blue jeans. Plus, the cushioned insole and rubber sole guarantee a comfortable fit for easy, all-day, everyday wear.   leather upper 1 ¾ heel height 9 ½ shaft height round toe slouch styling cushioned insole tricot lining composition rubber sole
Our futon mattress is resilient, comfortable and yet surprisingly light. It is constructed with six comfort layers of cotton fiber blend and two 1 pieces of convoluted foam to provide an extra plush feel. 8 mattress machine lace tufts and true box casing natural, black and khaki duck cover: cotton/polyester all other colors: polyester full mattress: 54x75x8H queen mattress: 60x80x8H made in America
Our Stafford easy-care dress shirt is a wardrobe staple featuring our commitment to quality and wearability. wrinkle-free and 3M dual action finish treated with stain release and repel Scotchgard™ technology point collar adjustable round cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked cotton/ polyester broadcloth washable imported
Rosemary window tiers blend Old World charm with an updated presentation.    scalloped edges embellished with floral embroidery soft, semi-sheer fabric with the look of linen hang on decorative rod or pole valance sold separately   Tiers are sold in pairs. Stated measurement is combined width of both tiers. Shirr on a rod up to 1 in diameter. Washable. Polyester. Imported.
true A clean and simple appearance sits flush to your cabinets with this high-performing dishwasher, featuring a 3,600 RPM rotating stainless steel blade to pulverize food particles and SpaceMaker® basket that moves for efficient loading and unloading. ENERGY STAR® qualified 48 dBA with status light on door chrome accent control panel with 2/4/8-hour Delay Start   4-pass wash and dry element evenly heats water for washing and air for drying two-pump system provides excellent wash performance with reduced sound adjustable upper rack fits plates up to 10½ dedicated silverware jets focus on silverware baskets in multiple locations Piranha™ hard food disposer with removable filter Steam PreWash loosens tough soils before any cycle SpaceMaker® silverware basket can be placed on the rack or onto the door auto sensing cycle adjusts to soil level to maximize energy savings and ensure clean dishes sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes adjustable heights makes installation over built-up floors simple 
Rock the best style this season with our booties, featuring a premium faux-suede upper that rises above the ankles and highlights a chic distressed finish with subtle top-stitching details and small block heels to finish the look.  faux suede upper cut-out design on upper polyurethane sole
Finish your athletic style with this sporty men's black bezel stainless steel watch with luminous hands and markers.  Brand: CrotonDial Color: BlackStrap: Stainless steelClasp: DeploymentMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 100mCase Width: 48mmCase Thickness: 17mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.5 long; 26mm wideModel No.: CA301281SSBKSpecial Features: Date function, luminous hands and markers   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Easily paired with all kinds of bottoms, this graphic muscle tee will suit him perfectly on those warm and sunny days. crewneck 100% cotton washable imported
Yours will be the look they envy when they see you in our embellished-waist dress with a basketweave bodice and high-low styling. sweetheart neckline back zip 35 length polyester lined hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Sweet stitch details give this Euro sham a unique design to remind you of warm ocean waves. unique stitch design in soft blue color solid blue on back measures 26x26 Sold individually. Requires a 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Cotton. Dry clean. Imported.
Make a bold statement with this modern, black tungsten wedding band set in contrasting high-polish and satin finishes.   Metal: Tungsten carbide Width: 8mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.    
Our solid knit hipster swim bottoms will add mix-and-match versatility to your swim wardrobe. fully lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Every guy can use a timeless, wool sport coat like this that he can build a lot of looks around, from going out to buttoned up.   classic fit notched lapel 2-button front 3 exterior pockets 3 interior pockets, one with button 4-button cuff detail back center vent wool polyester lining dry clean only imported
Make a promise that will last a lifetime with this beautiful diamond accent rhodium-plated sterling silver ring.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Diamond accents Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 4.5mm    Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Effortlessly transition your look from day to night with our casual Call It Spring lace-up shoes. textile upper textile sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.     
Layer our cotton duster over your outfit for a chic look from Self Esteem. sleeveless 42 length 100% cotton hand wash, line dry imported
These flat-front suit pants offer a light texture and crisp flat front that brings out your best, with or without the matching suit jacket. only at JCPenney big and tall fit 2 front pockets 2 back pockets flat front partially lined straight leg hemmed wool/polyester dry clean only imported
Give your home entrance touch of inviting cheer with this hand-hooked holiday rug. hand made construction durable polyester 0.05 overall thickness measures 30x20 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Imported
This adorable bunny-shaped magnetic die has an optional, sweet bow add-on for a truly unique look you’ll love.   easily moved to create hundreds of unique greeting cards and scrapbooking layouts compatible with Sizzix BIGkick, Big Shot and Vagabond machines (sold separately) design: Mini Bunny & Bow (measures 1 3/8x2 1/4) designer: Tim Holtz imported 
true This 4.3 cu. ft. DOE front-load washer features a stainless steel tilt wash basket to keep even your most delicate clothing from snagging in the wash while the My Cycle setting lets you optimize the 10 wash cycles and 5 rinse temperature settings to customize your cycle for a better clean. ENERGY STAR® qualified 4.3 cu. ft. capacity stainless steel tilt wash basket Rotary-Electronic controls for easy operation and cycle display steam assist option penetrates deep into fabric fibers, loosening stains My Cycle allows you to create your favorite wash settings for your specific clothes-care needs stain removal guide cleans five of the most common stains with preprogrammed settings  10 wash cycles, including: Active Wear, Basket Clean, Bulky/Bedding, Colors/Normals, Delicates/Hand Wash, NSF Sanitize, Quick Wash, Rinse and Spin, Towels & Sheets, Whites 5 rinse temperatures spin speed up to 1300 RPM delay start operation up to 18 hours internal water heater increases wash temperature to reduce bacteria and provide better cleaning  vibration control adjusts spin patterns for each floor type for a smoother wash stackable design provides all-in-one vertical look, maximizing floor space (sold separately) fill hoses are required for installation (sold separately) Note: In order for pedestals to be installed they must be purchased and delivered with the corresponding washer and dryer.shop matching electric dryer or gas dryer
What it is:A brush with natural fibers for shaping the brows and applying brow color. What it does:Show off your best features with perfectly-groomed brows. The Brow Master Brush is a double-ended brow brush with a stiff angled brush on one end to define and fill in brows. The spoolie on the other end allows you to seamlessly shape arches and blend in color.Suggested Usage:Application technique: -Use short, light strokes to frame and fill in the brows. -Comb through to soften for a naturally gorgeous look.
Featuring a waterproof, well-insulated design, these rugged leather boots can handle even the toughest working conditions. technology Thinsulate™ technology traps heat and maintains warmth construction leather upper nylon mesh lining rubber sole details lace up 6 shaft height removable sock lining sturdy electrical hazard steel toe Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
14K earrings round out an elegant look in your choice of these classic studs. Three-pair set includes white, yellow and rose 14K gold ball stud earrings.   Metal: Tri-tone 14K gold Back: Friction Dimensions: 4mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A stunning 1 ct. solitaire diamond adorns a 14K yellow gold ring for a beautiful impression.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stone: 1 ct. round diamond Color: G-I Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Tanjun running shoes feature a lace-up style, mesh upper for breathability and thick synthetic sole for maximum support. construction mesh/synthetic upper polyurethane sole details lace up mesh upper for breathability thick synthetic sole for maximum support
She'll love wearing our comfy cotton tee, featuring a graphic print of the Frozen cast for a super-cute look.  short sleeves graphic print 100% cotton washable imported
With lightness and grace, our Nike racerback tank top keeps you in tip top form and style for all of your favorite activities. scoopneck mesh shoulder straps racerback approx. 31½ length Dri-FIT fabric polyester washable imported
Fill your days with Off the Wall style, starting with this soft cotton logo tee from Vans. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
This neutral gray and white diamond pattern valance with striped trim offers endless decorating possibilities in the nursery. 4 band measures 15x54 100% cotton machine wash, dry flat imported
These patent leather pumps will be a staple in your closet with their chunky high heel and classic sleek look. patent leather upper 3½ chunky heel rubber sole
He'll feel like he's fighting off the bad guys with this black and yellow Batman watch.Dial Color: Black and yellow Batman logoStrap: Black and yellow plasticMovement: QuartzCase Width: 37mmCase Thickness: 14mmBracelet Dimensions: 9.5 long; 21mm wideModel No.: BVS4033JC   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Look great so you feel great for your next workout. performance fit elastic waist straight leg 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Lace adds a lovely touch to our full support underwire T-shirt bra designed for a smooth, no-show look under clothes. package of 2 adjustable straps underwire full support polyamide/elastane machine wash, tumble dry or dry flat imported
true Keep family favorites organized and easily accessible with the Food Showcase feature and FlexZone™ drawer on this 28 cu. ft. refrigerator. The exterior showcase provides instant access to drinks and condiments while the extra large capacity of the inner case allows you to store up to 28 bags of groceries. ENERGY STAR® qualified tall, in-door filtered water and ice dispenser accommodates larger glasses and pitchers for added convenience the space saving Ice Master ice system produces up to 10 pounds of ice daily while conserving shelf space in the refrigerator external ice blue digital display allows you to control settings at the touch of a button Twin Cooling Plus™ system keeps humidity at optimum levels in the refrigerator for fresher fruits and vegetables and dry freezer conditions for less freezer burn and better tasting frozen foods Metal Cooling stainless steel paneling helps maintain consistent temperatures equipped with two crisper drawers to help keep fruits and vegetables organized spill-proof tempered glass shelves slide and flip-up to accommodate larger and taller items the Metal Cooling FlexZone™ drawer features four temperature control settings from chill to soft freeze and an adjustable divider for versatile food storage the Food Showcase design has sliding shelves for easy access to family favorites such as drinks and condiments 27.8 cu. ft. total capacity high efficiency LED lighting illuminates every corner of the interior space while saving energy alarm alerts you when door is left open 4-door French door refrigerator has two fresh food doors, one bottom freezer drawer and one FlexZone™ drawer
Now that he's a big kid, he can keep track of time with his very own Spiderman watch. This awesome timepiece displays artwork from his favorite comic book character on the dial, and a web design on the uniquely shaped bezel.   Brand: Disney Dial Color: Multi-color Strap: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100' Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 9 1/7mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7 long, 16mm wide Model No.: W000317 Special Features: Easy reader Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The art of calligraphy is about the visual expression of words. Develop your skills and express your ideas through beautiful designs.   Set includes: classic pen converter 4 nibs including Fine, Scroll 6, Scroll 4 and 3B 3 color cartridges storage tin (measures 7¼x2x1”) instruction leaflet Imported.
Inspire some creativity in your kitchen with our easy-care tufted wedge rug.  ●    premium soft, easy-care nylon ●    3/8 pile height, 3/8 overall thickness ●    measures 20x30 ●    crafted in America Stain Resistant: YesFade Resistant: YesSlip Resistant: YesRug Backing: LatexFire Retardant: YesRug Pad Recommended: NoUse: IndoorCare Instructions: Washable.Origin: Made in America
What it is:An array of high performance nail polishes in vivid bolds and elegant neutrals. What it does:Classic polish staples just got a makeover with this eye-catching collectionranging from brights to chic, minimalistic neutrals. Enriched with ShineXcel™a luminescent ingredient that enhances color and overall shine, each polish’s patented No Compromise formulation offers long-lasting, incredibly-saturated color with a stunning finish. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know:Pair lacquer with The System for twice the shine, twice the wear* and stay polished longer. *In an independent study, Formula X The System was tested vs. a leading salon nail polish. Results were after eight days of wear. This product is a three-free formula. The customized brush design is engineered to complement Formula X’s highly-pigmented formula with precise lacquer application. Suggested Usage:-Each nail shade boasts a top-of-the-line formulation that works brilliantly on its own, but for optimal manicure staying power, use with the Formula X The System (Cleanse, Prime and Shine) to stay polished longer with twice the shine, twice the wear.* Apply one to two coats of nail color using the three stroke application method: -Paint one stroke down the middle of the nail from the base to the tip, and then follow along each side from the base and up. -For best results, allow a minute to dry in between coats. -For accelerated drying results, let nails dry one to two minutes, then apply Formula X Drying Spray or Drops to prevent smudging. -For easy removal, use Formula X Delete. *In an independent study, Formula X The System was tested vs. a leading salon nail polish. Results were after eight days of wear. Size:0.4 oz
Elegant and timeless, our eye-catching elbow-sleeve draped maxi dress is perfect for your style. v-neck 39½ length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Our raw-hem bermuda shorts offer the ultimate in stretchy comfort and cool style. slim fit low rise 5-pocket style zipper fly 8¾ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
These knit jeggings make a great addition to any growing wardrobe with all the comfort of leggings and style of classic denim. elastic waist with faux drawstring 2 faux front pockets coin pocket 2 back pockets cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Comfortable and casual, these cotton drawstring shorts will blend well with the shirts you already own. regular fit sits at waist flat front drawstring closure 2 front and 2 back pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Slip on these lab-created African opal brass drop earrings for a truly unique look that can be easily dressed up or down.              Metal: Brass Stones: Diamond-shaped genuine lab-created African opal stones Back: Wire Dimensions: 2 long Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Help keep the cold at bay with training pants that feature extra warm, insulated Therma-FIT fleece fabric. relaxed fit elastic waistband and ankle cuffs side seam pockets polyester washable imported
Our slim-fit ankle pants sit below your waist, straight-and-narrow through the hip and thigh, to keep the emphasis on the vertical. slim-leg  zip fly with hook, bar and inside button closure 2 slash front pockets 2 back faux welt pockets teaberry: cotton/polyester/spandex black, cancun coral, tropical pink, turquoise dream, white, midevel brown: rayon/nylon/spandex birdseye: polyester/rayon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported misses short: 25 inseam misses: 27 inseam misses long: 29 inseam petite: 25 inseam
Bars of rich onyx stand guard beside a line of diamonds around this impressive 14K gold link bracelet. Made in America.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold Stones: ½ ct. t.w. diamonds Other Stones: Genuine black onyx Closure: Box Length: 8 Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
When the time is right, reach for this good-looking sport watch. Its textured black dial contrasts perfectly with the Roman numerals and date window. A leather strap secures comfortably around your wrist.   Brand: Seiko Dial Color: Black Strap: Black leather Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 21mm wide Model No.: SNE397 Special Features: Powered by light (natural and artificial) for a free and limitless power supply; date display; 10-month power reserve; sapphire crystal; cabochon crown   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Dressed up or laid-back—our stretch-knit ankle pants can pull off whatever look you're going for. mid rise front zip 1 front coin pocket 2 back welt pockets 30 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our St. John's Bay secretly-slender pants give you a fit you'll love, add the cropped leg and you're stepping out in style. 19 inseam 2 slash pockets in front 2 welt pockets in back bachelor button, black, oxford tan, café brown, white, floral: cotton/spandex denim: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
As you would expect, this wallet is built to last in sturdy pebble-grained leather.   2 currency pockets 8 card slots 2 id windows rubber logo patch leather spot clean imported
Our seersucker pajama set is an easy-going ensemble that will take you through the night in comfort.  includes short-sleeve top and capris cotton/polyester washable imported
Look and feel your very best in our 3/4-sleeve textured tunic by Alfred Dunner. split crewneck approx. 24½-26½ length rayon/nylon washable imported
This sparkly pair of paw earrings makes a dog-loving statement. Crystal accents set in gold-tone paw prints create a look that's fabulous with any casual or special-occasion outfit.   Metal:  Gold-tone metal Stones: Lab-created crystalsBack: PostDimensions: 2mm long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Fall asleep in pure comfort with this sheet set featuring soft microfiber construction. complements any decor easy care won't pill or fade wrinkle resistant made from super-soft polyester microfiber extra pillowcases are sold separately Set includes: fitted sheet flat sheet pillowcase(s) Twin set includes one standard pillowcase. Full and Queen sets include two standard pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets include two king pillowcases. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 32x21 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 32x21 Queen: flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 32x21 King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 40x21 Cal. King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 72x84; pillowcases are 40x21
Add refined style to your casual looks with our handsome leather boat shoes by Dockers. construction leather upper rubber sole details slip-on entry memory foam sockliner fusion footbed moc toe hand sewn construction  
Glide up and down the court in these soft and smooth adidas shorts with colorblocked sides. climalite® moisture-wicking technology sits at waist elastic waist with drawcord side-seam pockets left leg logo 10 inseam polyester washable imported  
This multitask sport watch features two built-in sensors to measure direction and temperature—extremely useful when hiking, mountain climbing or other outdoor activities. A water resistance up to 200 meters makes it ideal for underwater adventures. All data is shown on a large, easy-read digital display.   Brand: Casio Dial Color: Black Strap: Black leather Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 200m Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 13.7mm wide Model No.: SGW100-2B Special Features: Digital compass; thermometer; stopwatch; 5 daily alarms; countdown timer; 12/24-hour formats; world time; reverse LCD; EL backlight   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring classic styling and a sturdy design, this stackable bookcase folds for easy transport and storage. solid wood construction 3 fixed shelves can be stacked up to 2 units high Measures 28Wx12Dx38H. Imported.
This soft sheet set is sure to keep any bed looking great for a special someone in your home. fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 15 deep cotton washable imported 3-piece twin sets include: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase 4-piece full sets include: flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Twin set includes standard pillowcase. Queen set includes two standard pillowcases.
Featuring a traditional design with a hint of turn-of-the-century French style, this daybed’s classic silhouette and detailing are a wonderful addition to any bedroom.   heavy-gauge tubular steel construction welded and screwed joinery optional rollout trundle allows an extra person to sleep comfortably 450-pound weight capacity Measures 79Wx41Dx46H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Assembly required. Imported.
Layer on warmth and style with our sherpa-lined pebble stitch knit boot topper. acrylic washable imported
An oval amethyst is delicately balanced on swirls of white and chocolate diamonds on this artistic pendant necklace.   Metal: 14K yellow goldStones: Genuine oval amethystOther Stones: ⅝ ct. t.w. white and chocolate diamonds®White Diamond Color: G-HWhite Diamond Clarity: VS2-SI1Closure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long chain  Gemstones and some diamonds may be treated and may require special care.Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give your tumbler a place to practice with this gymnastics-themed rectangular rug. Soft and durable, it will stand up to boundless tumbling routines. gymnastics pattern durable printed nylon latex backing .4 overall thickness measures 5x8'      Stain Resistant: Yes      Fade Resistant: Yes      Slip Resistant: Yes      Fire Retardant: Yes      Rug Pad Recommended: Yes      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Spot clean of professionally clean.      Origin: Made in America
Patterned, printed and packed with fun; our Mixit flip flops are so fantastic, you're going to want more than just one pair. polyurethane upper EVA outer sole 
What it is:A deeply regenerating, creamy formula that restructures, strengthens, and protects all hair types, including damaged. What it is formulated to do:This regenerative care treatment’s creamy formula penetrates completely into the hair for a profound and long-lasting effect, from roots to tips. It is enriched with pure prickly pear seed oila precious natural remedy with antioxidant and regenerative virtues. Its action is reinforced with a 100 percent natural repairing agent that restructures and strengthens hair from the inside, smoothing and enhancing its shine. These active ingredients are combined with inula flower extract to reinvigorate and protect the pigments of natural or dyed hair. The scalp is stimulated, roots are regenerated, and hair is protected from breakage and split ends for a smooth, soft, radiant finish.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product can be used with all the shampoos of the range. Suggested Usage:-After shampooing, apply a small amount, massaging thoroughly from the scalp down to the ends.-Lather the product while gradually adding water, then rinse thoroughly.Precautions:-Avoid getting the product into the eyes.Size:8.33 ozIngredients:-Pure Prickly Pear Seed Oil: Regenerates from roots to tips.-Inula Extract: Revives pigments.Water, Cetearyl Alcohol, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Cetyl Alcohol, Behentrimonium Chloride, Glycerin, Cetrimonium Chloride, Inula Crithmoide Leaf/Flower Extract, Opuntia Ficus Indica Seed Oil, Behenyl/Stearyl Aminopropanediol Esters, Opuntia Ficus Indica Fruit Extract, Linoleic Acid, Linolenic Acid, Tocopheryl Acetate, Citric Acid, Parfum (Fragrance), Disodium Edta, Sodium Benzoate, Potassium Sorbate, Hydroxycitronellal, Coumarin, Limonene, Caramel, Tocopherol, Evernia Prunastri (Oakmoss) Extract, Linalool, Geraniol.
This leather comfort shoe from Hush Puppies® will keep you going strong all day long.  Comfort Shoe:oil-tanned leather upper with leather quarter and tongue lining dual-density midsolecushioned, contoured footbed comfort curve sole D(Medium) 3E(Extra-Wide)
true Cook and clean the way you want. With double ovens cooking space is plentiful and the self-cleaning with steam option cleans up those hard to reach places in both ovens, giving you more time to enjoy cooking. double oven 8.6 cu. ft. total oven capacity (4.3 cu. ft. both ovens) glass touch controls allow you to set temperatures quickly and clean with little effort achieve delicious results from a third heating element and fan combination hidden bake element distributes heat evenly throughout even baking is assured with ten-pass heat that covers more surface area get full broil coverage with eight-pass broil element for more even browning from edge to edge self-clean, with steam clean option in both ovens conveniently clean your oven and racks together see how your food is baking with Halogen oven lighting and big view window audible preheat signal certified Sabbath mode
Give her the sparkle she wants with this ¾ ct. t.w. diamond engagement ring that features diamond accented bands of 10K yellow gold. Metal: 10K yellow goldStones: ¾ ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: IClarity: I2-I3Setting: PaveGallery Height: 6.7mm  Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Prepare for a chill with our cute Liz Claiborne hooded cardigan that is equal parts feminine and cozy. hooded open front long sleeves front pockets polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Our shapely short-sleeve circle top with attached shimmery necklace has an alluring appeal for day or evening.  scoopneck short sleeves 23½ length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Fringe and a hood brings a casual personality to this textured border cape. 26x64 acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
When you choose this paisley sheer panel for your window, you're continuing a design tradition with a centuries-old motif. Reinterpreted for your home in rich colors, this paisley print will add timeless style to any room.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart sheer fabric softly diffuses light use alone or with other window treatments 3 rod pocket accommodates a variety of rod sizes MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at JCPenney Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
Get the best of both worlds with these fingerless, flip-top gloves from QuietWear, featuring 40 grams of Thinsulate™ insulation for added warmth. 40 grams of Thinsulate insulation retains heat while letting moisture escape upper: acrylic lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Piqué pajama pants from IZOD offer an excellent combination of breezy cotton softness and everyday durability. big and tall sits at waist elastic waist with drawstring hidden button fly 2 side-seam pockets flat front hemmed black and bright blue: cotton grey heather: cotton/polyester washable imported
Stay in the zone in ever-changing weather with this mesh-lined woven jacket from Puma. stand collar zip front with chin guard zip handwarmer pockets mesh body lining long sleeves with self-binding cuffs drop tail with self-binding hem polyester washable imported
Our cozy crew socks feature a chenille construction to provide warmth and comfy style to any leisurely look. package of 2 pairs polyester/spandex washable imported fits shoe size 4-10
She'll be all smiles in these comfy Minion pajamas, an adorable addition to her bedtime routine. includes tank top and shorts elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Energize your workout wardrobe with our singlet racerback tank top.  Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry stretch fabric for freedom of movement no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin approx. 26¾ - 29 front length jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported
Give your feminine look a laidback vibe with the casual styling of our lace-yoke t-shirt. short sleeves notched v-neck approx. 29 - 30¼ front length jersey knit cotton/polyester washable imported
Your little hero in training will dream of big adventures in this mix-and-match pajama set. includes short-sleeve shirt, shorts and pants polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Stretch and pose in comfort and style with our yoga shorts. mid-rise elastic waist straight leg approx. 2½-3½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
These wedge sandals feature a faux-cork and faux-leather look with hardware embellishments for casual style that's perfect for the season. synthetic upper 4⅛ wedge heel adjustable ankle strap studded embellishments rubber sole
This men's 8mm stainless steel ring with diamond accents reflects bold, modern style. Designed with a rounded comfort fit interior that slides on easily and avoids pinching. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.Metal: Stainless steelStones: Diamond accentsWidth: 8mmSome diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
What it is:A creamy, no-shimmer lip gloss with a tingling, plumping effect. What it does:No shimmer or glimmerjust creamy, glass-smooth gloss, decadent color, intoxicating shine, and famous tingle for a gentle plumping effect. Encapsulated hyaluronic spheres infuse lips with moisture while vitamins A and E help keep them supple, protected, and extra kissable.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates- GMOs- TriclosanSuggested Usage:-Wear alone or over lipstick to create the look of fuller, more voluptuous lips.Size:0.14 ozIngredients​Hydrogenated Polyisobutene, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Pentaerythrityl Tetraisostearate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Polyglyceryl-2 Diisostearate, Menthone Glycerin Acetal, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Vp/Hexadecene Copolymer, Silica, Microcrystalline Wax (Cera Microcristallina), Octyldodecanol, Trimethylolpropane Triisostearate, Benzyl Benzoate, Flavor (Aroma), Tribehenin, Tocopheryl Acetate, Silica Dimethyl Silylate, Sorbitan Isostearate, Bht, Sodium Saccharin, Butylene Glycol, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Retinyl Palmitate, Sodium Hyaluronate, Hexylene Glycol, Benzyl Alcohol, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Carmine (Ci 75470). (+/-): Mica, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Yellow 5 Lake (Ci 19140), Blue 1 Lake (Ci 42090), Red 6 (Ci 15850), Red 7 Lake (Ci 15850), Red 33 Lake (Ci 17200), Red 30 Lake (Ci 73360), Red 28 Lake (Ci 45410).
Adorned in vibrant print and color, our fit-and-flare dress has a unique style with a fun jeweled neckline. back zipper 34 7/8 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
With a lightly distressed look, our bar table provides extra counter space or a breakfast nook for morning coffee. solid wood/MDF/veneer frame 3-step hand finish with rubbed edges 42x22x36H assembly required; tools included wipe clean with dry cloth imported
Look sharp without the effort in this oxford dress shirt that is wrinkle resistant. button-down collar button front single pocket side gusset 100% cotton washable imported
Her imagination will be limitless when she puts on this sparkly Ariel costume. mesh sleeves Ariel cameo ruffle details mesh overlay with glitter mesh layer satin bodice and skirt polyester chest piecing: polyester/nylon hand wash, line dry imported
A reversible dress belt from Stafford gives you multiple options.  reverses from black to brown 32mm width polyurethane/bonded leather/polyester imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Take on the cold and the rain in our waterproof lace-up boots featuring Thermolite® insulation for lightweight warmth. synthetic/acrylic/metal/nylon upper 10 shaft height side zip for easy on-and-off faux fur/fleece lining rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Whether you want to dress up your space indoors or out, this grommet-top curtain panel features a simple, clean stripe design that adds just the right touch.   woven easy care fade resistant water repellant mildew resistant 1½ stainless steel grommets Polyester/stainless steel. Washable. Imported.
Contour cookware set features a triple-layer construction to deliver durability and professional cooking performance every time aluminum core heats quickly and cooks at an even temperature distributes heat evenly; eliminates hot spots premium non-stick cooking surface is reinforced for lifetime food release, healthier cooking and easier cleaning dense and non-porous hard anodized exterior stay-cool stainless steel riveted handles are comfortable and designed for hanging tight-fitting tempered glass lids seal in flavors and nutrients freezer-to-oven safe and microwave-safe oven-safe to 500°F; glass covers to 350°F aluminum hand wash imported 13-piece set includes: 1½-quart saucepan and cover 2½-quart saucepan and cover 3-quart sauté pan with helper handle and cover 4-quart Dutch oven with cover 8-quart stockpot with cover 8 skillet 10 skillet 24cm pasta insert  
Our Maidenform Fat Free Dressing High Waist Briefs help to smooth your tummy and waist for an hourglass figure that looks as sexy as it feels. Our fabric helps smooth out your trouble areas to give you a curvier silhouette and the high waist fit gives you an attractive look under your clothes   firm control provides smoothing for your tummy and waist targeted midsection shaping 2-ply mesh liner high-waist design silicone elastic waistband helps prevent roll down nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #1854
An edgy print on cotton-rich fabric will make this soft, durable tee a casual day favorite. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported  
At any angle the meaning is just the same. Perfectly proportioned for your little girl, this 14K gold, sideways cross bracelet is an updated symbol of her belief.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Closure: Spring-ring Length: 5 Pendant Size: 13mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Lee side-elastic jeans offer unbelievable comfort and unforgettable style.   easy-care, stain-release, and wrinkle-resistant double pleats side-elastic insets for all-day comfort front pockets sits at waist relaxed fit through hip and thigh tapered leg 99% cotton/ 1% spandex washable USA or imported misses: 31 inseam misses short: 29 inseam misses long: 33 inseam petite: 28 inseam petite short: 26½ inseam
From family meals to cozy date nights, this rectangular dining set is there to give your gatherings an inviting backdrop.   solid hardwood construction butt-joint joinery table includes an 18 removable leaf 5-piece set includes dining table 4 side chairs Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported. Table:48Wx36Dx30H without leaf; 66Wx36Dx30H with leaf Each chair: 18Wx22Dx36H with an 18 seat height
Our long-sleeve shirt from Stafford is comfortable enough for all-day wear on your next business trip. wrinkle-free point collar long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
These sandals feature comfortable features including a molded footbed and stretchy top band for perfect fit and a go-anywhere style you'll live in. construction synthetic upper Superflex rubber outsole details 1¼ heel slip on stretch top band for easy movement cushioned molded footbed for added comfort
This protective prep and primer spray is a lightweight leave-in treatment that primes and detangles the hair, instantly preventing breakage and styling damage. repairs damaged areas in the hair by balancing porosity for longer lasting styles made in America   How to use: Spray lightly and evenly on clean, damp hair and blow dry as desired. Ideal for blow dry touch up and formal styles on dry, clean hair.   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Show off trend-setting style in chic flat boots by Journee Collection. These cute wide-calf boots feature faux leather uppers that rise mid-calf and highlight slouchy detail on the shafts for a relaxed look.   synthetic upper 0.25” heel 13.5” shaft height 19 shaft circumference slightly padded footbed faux leather material rubber sole   Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size. 
Made with utility in mind, our Havanera camp shirt features four front pockets and side vents to keep you cool on active warm-weather days. camp collar short sleeves 4 pockets side vents notched cuffs with button detail polyester/cotton washable imported
You’ll own the city in this soft graphic tee, a bold representation of True East style. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Full-figure comfort and support comes in a floral motif in this Bali® underwire bra. seamed cups/sides cushioned, tipped underwire two-section cups of Crepeset nylon non-stretch, adjustable straps nylon/LYCRA® spandex hand wash, line dry imported of domestic materials manufacturer's style #180
Any boy would be a happy recipient of this faded, confetti-style graphic t-shirt that says “Just do it.” crewneck short sleeves cotton washable imported
Experience luxury with three luminous strands of beautifully layered, rice-shaped cultured freshwater pearls.   Metal Type: Sterling silver Metal Color: White Pearl Type: Rice-shaped cultured freshwater pearls Pearl Color: White Pearl Size: 6-7mm Length: 17½ Closure: Tube clasp
Our lace duster is the ultimate style maker of the season, thanks to its feminine fabrication, sassy side slits and fringed hem.  sleeveless 51-53 length cotton/nylon washable imported
Elephants symbolize wisdom, nobility and strength. Let her know that she embodies all these things with this genuine green jade elephant pendant detailed in polished 14K gold over sterling silver.   Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silver Stone: Genuine green jade Size: 25x32mm Length: 18 box chain Closure: Spring-ring Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Steve Harvey boys' 4-piece suit set gives him a grown-up look that is still very adorable.   clip-on tie faux watch chain long sleeves front pants pockets pants, vest, tie: polyester shirt: cotton/polyester washable tie: dry clean only imported
Stretch woven pants from Spalding move with you for comfort in all your daily activities. Stretch-Power fabric pin dot mesh side piecing reflective logo regular fit elastic waist with drawstring 2 front pockets bottom zipper vent 94% polyester/6% spandex washable imported
Moisture-wicking fabric will help keep his feet dry and comfortable when he's in these cushioned-terry-sole low-cut socks by Nike. reinforced heel and toe cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported
Treat yourself or someone you love to this breathtaking lab-created blue and white sapphire sterling silver ring. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stone: 12x8mm oval and 3mm round lab-created blue sapphires Other Stones: 1.3mm round lab-created white sapphires Setting: Prong and channel Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Head to the gym in our crewneck athletic tee, featuring a regular fit for added comfort.  crewneck short sleeves polyester/spandex washable imported
Layer or wear separately—these three necklaces sweeten your look. Includes round, bar and openwork circle necklaces. Lead and nickel free. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.   Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 18 long box chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Floral embroidery lends a feminine touch to our short-sleeve Alfred Dunner top. v-neck short sleeves missy: 25 length petite: 23 length cotton/polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Enjoy the unparalleled fit and comfort of a classic with this 100% cotton oxford dress shirt from Stafford. non-iron performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering button-down collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs side gusset long shirttail that stays tucked cotton washable imported  
Classic lines and the perfect fit are just the beginning of what the Stacy Adams Corrado has to offer.   high-quality buffalo leather upper smooth leather inner lining moc-toe oxford style synthetic sole  
Sporty style with a touch of class, this Drive from Citizen Eco-Drive men's sports watch gives you a versatile look. Its features include chronograph, stainless steel case with black detailing and luminous silver-tone metal, as well as a proprietary chroma finish.   Brand: Citizen® Dial: Black Strap: Black rubber Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 328' Case Width: 41mm Model No.: AW1150-07E Special Features: Date display Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Be ready for whatever the day brings you in our relaxed wide-leg linen-blend pants. 23 inseam elastic/drawstring waist 4-pocket styling linen/cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Stay toasty warm on chilly nights wrapped in this heated soft fleece blanket.   10 temperature settings automatic shutoff after 10 hours single control on twin and full sizes dual controls on queen and king sizes self hem Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: 62x84 Full: 72x84 Queen: 84x90 King: 100x90
This 13-piece lunch food storage set features everything your children need to enjoy a fresh and healthy lunch away from home.   BPA-free containers are microwave safe ice packs are nontoxic and freezer safe fruit and salad pod is the perfect size for a small salad or bowl of fruit and includes dressing dispenser in lid containers include ice packs that snap into the lids of the containers to keep food cool and fresh 13-piece set includes: 1-cup container with lid and ice pack 2-cup container with lid and ice pack sandwich pod with lid and ice pack fruit/salad pod with lid, ice pack and dressing dispenser Polypropylene; ice packs are polyethylene filled with ice gel. Containers are top-rack dishwasher safe. Imported.
What it is: A foundation brush that ensures complexion perfection.What it does: Flawlessly smooth on foundation where fingers can’t. This foundation brush uses two-tone synthetic hair for a natural-looking, streak-free finish.What else you need to know: Tip: Apply Some Kind-A Gorgeous foundation faker with the foundation brush for a light, natural finish.
Control the light in your room with these cotton curtain panels that feature a decorative striped pattern. 100% cotton with cotton lining tiebacks included 3 bottom hem 3 rod pocket  42x84L panels are sold as a 2-pack stated measurement is combined width of both panels washable imported   Coordinating window treatments sold separately.
Enjoy cleaner air in your home with this air purifier designed to keep out harmful pollutants. pre-filter stops bigger particles, such as dust and animal hair Nano capture technology destroys Formaldehyde active carbon filter catches odors, gas and chemical pollutants HEPA filter captures 99.97% of difficult particulates good for rooms up to 376 square feet AC/DC. Plastic. Measures 11.2x11.8x21.2H. Imported.
Style Sexy Hair 450° Blow Out Heat Defense Blow Out Spray starts as a gel and becomes a foam to protect hair from heat damage.   provides medium shine and all day hold. unique gel to foam styler provides lift at the root, volume, body and hold through the ends Made in America. How to use: Spray on damp hair. Blow-dry for smooth, shiny and frizz-free hair. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.   
Our oval stud earrings feature opaque mint stones framed in glittering crystals for an elegant look you can wear any time of day. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Mint acrylic stone, clear crystalsBack: PostDimensions: ½ Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Not quite your average brown belt, this one features stones studded in small clusters along its length to add a little style to its utility. •    1½ wide•    leather/polyurethane•    imported
Featuring a unique hand-blown design, these goblets have slight imperfections and textures due to the fact they’re individually formed.   available in a variety of inviting colors 14-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Elevate your lounge-about style in these cotton chambray pajama pants from Jockey. sits at waist regular fit elastic waist with drawcord hidden button fly 2 side-seam pockets cotton washable imported
Our Arizona lace sweater has the open and comfortable cut of a poncho but looks completely unexpected with a heavy dose of luxe lace.   crewneck elbow sleeve approx. 25¼ length cotton/nylon lace: 100% cotton washable imported
Add the final touch of glam to your special occasion outfits in our satin slingback sandals with rhinestone detailing. polyester upper rhinestone detail slingback strap with adjustable buckle 3½ heel synthetic sole  
French-cut style offers better range of movement in these comfortable Jockey panties.     package of 3 black basics: black, nude, white black, white, polka dot blue, white, cheetah print all white white, blue, polka dot modal/spandex washable imported
Made with soft cotton and spandex for stretch, these dress socks offer all-day comfort and whimsical style to your workday. reinforced toe cotton/nylon/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12½
This 3-qt. covered saucepan will quickly take center stage in your kitchen. With its flat bottom, straight sides, long ergonomic handle and shorter helper handle for ease in transfer and weight balance, this versatile pan performs beautifully, no matter what you’re cooking.    enamel-on-steel exterior is stick resistant and easy to clean nonstick, PFOA-free cooking surface is the healthiest cooking surface available patented copper fusion technology combines the heat conductivity of copper with the health benefits and natural stick-resistance of top-quality enamel superior heat distribution with no hot spots stay-cool, rivetless handles provide for easy transferring and weight balance tempered glass lid allows for easy monitoring of cooking safe to use with all utensils perfect for all stovetops, including magnetic induction Carbon steel/copper/stainless steel/glass. Dishwasher-safe. Imported.  
This extra long tie provides a bold accent to your favorite modern looks. 3¼” width
Your baby girl will be warm and cozy snuggled up in this long-sleeve bodysuit, featuring ankle-to-chin snaps and an adorable ballet slipper appliqué. nickel-free ankle-to-chin snaps on reinforced panel built-in footies ballet slipper appliqué 3D bows cotton/polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
What it is:A day and night, multifunctional BB to make your skin clean, bright, and hydrated with no need for cleansing. What it is formulated to do:- Mild, safe formula with brightening and anti-wrinkle benefits for a bare skin effect- Comes in one shadeThis innovative, safe, and functional BB cream can used from sunset to sunrise. Encapsulated breathable colorants inside a moisturizing gel create a transparent, bare skin effect that can be left on all evening or overnightwithout causing skin problems. Brightening and anti-wrinkle boosters deliver multiaction skincare, while the mild formula is sunscreen-free for nightime use. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know: BB Night Beauty Balm is free of tar dyes, mineral oil, emulsifiers, talc, artificial fragrances, denatured alcohol, benzophenone, and triethanolamine. It is a hypoallergenic, dermatologist tested, and cruelty-free product.Suggested Usage:-Apply a proper amount onto face after skincare regimen, and softly pat to spread evenly.Ingredients​ -Adenosine and Peptide: Contain antiaging benefits and supports natural collagen.-Moringa Seed Extract: Nourishes and moisturizes.-Vitamin Tree Fruit: Brightens.-Inositol (Vitamin B Complex): Moisturizes and improves skintone.Water, Dipropylene Glycol, Titanium Dioxide, Butylene Glycol, Betaine, Niacinamide, 1,2-hexanediol, Iron Oxides, Portulaca Oleracea Extract, Carbomer, Phenoxyethanol, Tromethamine, Ethylcellulose, Disoduim EDTA, Xanthan Gum, Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Adenosine, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Hippophae Rhamnoides Fruit Extract, Inositol, Maltodextrin, Moringa Pterygosperma Seed Extract, Acetyl Hexapeptide-8.
Carry your green thumb into the kitchen by growing your favorite herbs in this four-piece planter set.   includes a tray for easy transportation perfect for small plants 4-piece set includes: three 3¾x3 bowls 13¼x5 tray Earthenware. Hand wash. Imported.
Keep your kitchen clean in style with our Iron Chef towel set. includes 2 large towels, 8 dish clothes and 4 bar mops 100% cotton washable each towel measures 16x19 each dish cloth measures 12x12 each bar mop measures 10x10 imported
Fashioned with flattering ruched details in front and an adjustable tie in the back, our flowy knit dress proves how comfortable chic can be. v-neck rayon/spandex washable imported
Update your sporty look with our relaxed fit tee from Nike. relaxed fit dropped shirttail scoopneck slimming short sleeves body: polyester/rayon/cotton rib: polyester/cotton/rayon washable imported
This novelty wall clock is a daily reminder that family is the most important.   clock face is part of the overall image mounting hardware included MDF. Measures 12x12H. Requires 1 type AA battery, not included. Imported.  
Granting your three wishes of a bold styling, innovative design and soft lighting, this genie-inspired table lamp has a magical presence in any space. base features a gold-tone finish on metal; mercury finish on glass gold-tone chevron shade 3-way switch Metal/glass. Measures 27½H. Polyester shade is 10H with a 14½ bottom diameter and 14½ top diameter. Uses one 100W type “A” bulb, max., not included. Assembly required. Imported. CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: A Title 20-compliant lamp with an on/off switch will be shipped to the state of California and include CFL bulbs.
Our comfy cotton tank top features fringe details for a bold warm-weather look.  roundneck fringe details 25 length 100% cotton washable imported
Combining superior cushioning with excellent stability, our athletic shoes are a durable addition to your long runs. technology injection molded EVA foam cushioning ABZORB® technology offers superior cushioning Tech ride technology construction breathable synthetic/polyester upper rubber sole details lace up dual comfort insert medial stability wrap
Get moving in these comfortable women's work pants. They're made of stretch-fabric for an easy fit and non-restrictive movement. You'll hustle better when you're comfortable, and work pants made of stretch fabric will accommodate your every move. stretch fabric easy, regular fit button and heavy-duty brass ratcheting zipper flat front hip darts drop front pockets and hip pocket straight leg polyester/cotton washable imported
Equally capable during a grueling workout session or a walk in the park, our New Balance 409 training shoes deliver comfortable support and a great fit.   technology Flex Zone in forefoot enhances flexibility construction leather/mesh upper rubber sole details lace up EVA foam midsole removeable cushioned insole
Introducing an elegant, classy jacket and dress that's expertly paired together for those special occasions. intricate fishtail back jacket shimmery rhinestone clasp jacket: 27 dress: 50 length from shoulder nylon/polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Add a pop of color to your room with the Lily duvet cover set, a painterly look that is a fresh take on floral design. Two decorative pillows use embroidery and fabric manipulation to pull this look together. polyester decorative pillows: polyester filling comforter and shams: washable decorative pillows: spot clean twin comforter: 68x90 full/queen comforter: 88x90 imported 4-piece twin set includes: comforter 1 sham 2 decorative pillows 5-piece full/queen set includes: comforter 2 shams 2 decorative pillows Coordinating accessories sold separately. All sets include standard sham(s).
Keep diapers organized, concealed and close at hand with this Orchid Bloom diaper stacker, featuring a quatrefoil print body with and white dot top panel. ties allow for easy attachment to most dressers and changing tables holds up to 3 dozen diapers measures 12x8x20H 100% cotton hand wash, line dry imported
Enjoy some warm weather fun with our swimdress, designed with stylish piping along with features that minimize the waist. adjustable straps molded cups partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our slim-fit ankle pants sit below your waist, straight-and-narrow through the hip and thigh, to keep the emphasis on the vertical.   zip fly with hook-and-bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front slash pockets 2 back faux welt pockets blind hem tape for easy alterations 29½ inseam teaberry: cotton/polyester/spandex all other colors: rayon/nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported  
Elevate your beachside style in our adorable floral swim top. tie halter and back pushup molded cups lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
With a code-breaking design to streamline performance the new IS6200 steamer is ideal for steaming garments and furnishings around the home.  ready to use in 60 seconds compact design for easy storage 1500 watts of power for powerful steaming results soft touch, stay cool handle and fabric hose for added comfort when steaming, prevents you from burning large 81-oz water tank to reduce re-fills and provide 1 hour of uninterrupted steam wheels for ease of transportation foot operated pedals for power is convenient and comfortable suitcase inspired tilt and roll features enables easy transport telescopic pole adjusts height for comfort and pushes down for compact storage on-board tool storage that includes a fabric brush, lint brush and crease attachments plastic 12.3x19.8x55H hand wash imported
Slip on our easy-on, easy-off button-front gown and enjoy a comfortable, good night's rest.  roundneck short sleeves 39¼-40¾ length from shoulder 100% cotton washable imported
Our crew socks make for a perfect everyday sock to wear to work or with your sharp weekend outfits. cotton/polyester/elastane/spandex/nylon washable imported sock size 13-15 fits shoe sizes 12-16
Having a pair of aviators in your collection is great, but the fact that these bad boys are Star Wars branded makes them the perfect sunglasses for any Star Wars fan. black frame with dark smoke lens includes soft pouch for carrying metal imported
Watch heads turn when you walk into the room wearing our 3/4-sleeve lace fit-and-flare dress, which is as elegant as it is alluring. roundneck back zip 44 length from shoulder nylon/spandex polyester lining machine wash, dry flat imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Update your outdoor furniture with this fun outdoor pillow that's perfect for guests and withstands the elements. fun nautical anchor print polyester with polyester fill spot clean 17x17x4 imported
Discover your stylish side with these handsome dress shoes and their sleek, comfortable design. synthetic upper lace up rubber sole
Add some colorful flair to your look with this bright floral jacket lined cotton/spandex polyester lining washable imported
Bring a look of lavish luxury into your bedroom with our Liz Claiborne Belaire faux-leather decorative pillow. ivory color faux-leather finish cord trim hidden zipper measures 18x18 Polyurethane with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
These lightweight leather shoes will keep you grounded without weighing you down. construction leather upper synthetic sole details 1¾” heel slip-on entry padded leather insole and lining for comfort lightweight, breathable material rubber sole provides great traction in any weather side goring and different color combinations for great fit and style
A beautiful complement to after-five, prom or wedding attire, our crystal cluster statement necklace is also a fun way to bling out your playful side with tees and jeans. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Teardrop crystalsClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 10 long with 2 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Brighten up your living room, office or bedroom with this artful table lamp. It features an ornate base design in an exquisite silver-drift finish. The modern oval shade has a crisp, polished look for a bold finishing touch.   black shade silver-drift finish on/off switch resin base measures 13x13x27.5H faux-silk shade is 10H with a 13 bottom and top diameter uses one 100W type A bulb, not included assembly required imported   CALIFORNIA CUSTOMERS: A Title 20-compliant lamp will be shipped to the state of California and include a CFL bulb.
Get footwear that fits like a glove. Our extraordinarily comfortable slip-on shoes feature a cushioned footbed and zip vamp for a fit that feels custom made for you.   synthetic upper EVA/memory foam footbed arch support EVA sole  
Men's workwear jacket stands up to the worst weather conditions. This canvas parka gives you lots of room to move.   100% cotton washed tough duck quilted 8-oz. polyester insulation detachable hard hat hood with face protector storm flap over front zip 2 large inside pockets cell phone pocket knit storm cuffs action back for ease of movement cotton and polyester washable imported
What it is:Tarte’s Picture Perfect Duo is an ergonomically designed eyelash curler and a luxurious sample of tarte's bestselling Lights, Camera, Lashes! Natural mascara. What it does: This match made in heaven will instantly give you the bombshell lashes you crave. It is the best eyelash curler for sexy eyes. - The set features eyelash curler, which has easy grip handles and a purple silicone pad for just the right amount of pressure to curl lashes evenly - The curved angle and wide mouth suits all eye shapes without pinching or crumpling - Unlike other eyelash curlers that require multiple squeezes, you only need one squeeze with Picture Perfect for the perfect curl - Finish off your look with tarte's Lights, Camera, Lashes! Mascara for stand-out lashes This set contains: - 0.1 oz Lights, Camera, Lashes! Mascara - Eyelash curler What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know:This product is free of synthetic fragrances, dyes, and petrochemicals.
Pretty lace detailing makes this short-sleeve tee a gorgeous addition to any professional wardrobe. roundneck polyester with cotton bindingpolyester cami hand wash, line dry imported
Blending has never been as fast and easy as with the Magic Bullet blender and mixer system. It's the personal, versatile countertop magician that works like magic. With the MAGIC BULLET® you can chop, mix, blend, whip, grind, and more — all in just 10 seconds or less — for the fastest, tastiest meals ever!​ 11-pc. Set Includes: 1- high-torque power base 1 - tall, microwave safe cup to mix, cook and store ingredients  1 - short, microwave safe cup to mix, cook and store ingredients  1 - party mug + 2 comfort lip rings, to blend and serve frozen drinks and smoothies in one cup  1 - Stainless steel cross blade for chopping, grating, grinding, and blending 1 - flip-top to-go lid that fits right onto the cup to conveniently take and enjoy your favorite drinks anywhere. 2 - stay fresh re-sealable lids that fit right onto the cups and party mug to keep leftovers fresh MAGIC BULLET® 10 second recipes book Plastic/metal. Measures 6.9x13.19x10.63H. Cups are top-shelf dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Get the latest look in flirty skirts this season with our belted sharkbite hem gauze skirt. 25½ length skirt: rayon/polyester belt and lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Boasting a pretty pleated vamp and supportive cushioning for all-day comfort, our Kambra slip-on shoes are the perfect go-to pair for the style savvy girl on the go.   synthetic/nylon upper 1½ wedge heel Soft Delight™ Comfort System rubber sole Soft Style® is a Hush Puppies Company.  
You'll love rocking your little one to sleep in a sleek and stylish glider that offers elegance and comfort.     tightly upholstered back for firm, supportive comfort tight rounded arms accented with cording reversible seat cushion solid hardwood frame 34x35x36½ some assembly required made in America 
Create a window to a rustic woodland forest with this soft bath rug featuring a dramatic black-and-white, photo-realistic design. absorbent fabric nonskid latex backing Cotton/polyester. Measures 30x20. Washable. Imported.
Wear our dress shirt again and again, with an expandable collar that flexes to give you a perfect fit.  FLEX collar expands ½ spread collar with permanent stays French placket chest pocket adjustable cuffs long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Spark some heat with our adorable Jezebel Bliss satin and lace-trimmed lingerie set. soft cups with satin and lace trim fabric covered waistband polyester/rayon hand wash, dry flat imported
Basic but beautiful with its white dial and three-hand sweep, this finely crafted watch takes you through any formal or casual setting with ease. A flexible expansion bracelet conforms to the size and shape of your wrist for a comfortable and customized fit.   Brand: Timex      Dial Color: White Strap: Stainless steel Movement: Quartz Case Width: 18mm Case Thickness: 7mm Model No.: T219029J   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Textured herringbone scarf adds dimension to your outfit. acrylic hand wash, line dry imported
What it is:A limited-edition, colored clay eye and cheek palette for day to night looks.What it does:Inspired by the rain forest’s deep orchid hues at dusk, tarte’s limited-edition eye and cheek palette has everything you need to create sultry and sophisticated day to night looks. Infused with colored clay, which naturally color-corrects as it supports oil control, this makeup provides longer wear and truer color payoff. This modern ingredient from the mountainous regions of Brazil brightens, evens, and soothes skin, while the velvety formula glides on and delivers rich colorwithout settling into fine lines and wrinkles.This set contains: - 0.14 oz Highlighter in Champagne- 0.14 oz Bronzer in Park Avenue Princess™- 0.21 oz Blush in Unleashed (nude rose)- 6 x 0.035 oz eyeshadows in Bare to Explore (pink beige), Make a Mauve (plum mauve), Plum Away with Me (dark plum), Up to No Gold (gold), Tan-gled Up in You (tan), Don’t Turn A-Brown (dark brown)- Step-by-step glamour guide What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know: This product is dermatologist-tested.
For the neutral runner who craves responsive cushioning coupled with midfoot support, these running shoes are just for you. technology flywire technology helps keep the foot secure engineered mesh for breathability Nike Zoom unit and cushion midsole provide a responsive yet cushioned ride ideal for mid to long distance training waffle lug outside provides ultimate durability as well as great transition and flexibility   construction mesh/synthetic upper composition rubber sole   details lace up
An all-purpose tote is as practical as it is understatedly stylish. Featuring a roomy inner compartment, the Bleeker easily houses all your essentials. Simply toss it over your shoulder and go—enjoying convenience and charming, fashionable appeal.   double shoulder straps, 10 drop open top solid is synthetic; print is jute/cotton; textured is cotton/jute polyester lining stud detail on straps 2 front pockets and single back zipper pocket center zip divider with cell phone pocket 13(H) x 13(W)x 3¾(D) imported 
Our Euro sham features a sophisticated woven chenille damask pattern in red and gold tones for that desired ambiance. bordered in contrasting fabric cording detail for classic style vertical end pillow insert hidden zipper closure 26x26 sold individually coordinating accessories sold separately polyester dry clean imported Euro shams require a 26 pillow form, sold separately.
This quilted moto jacket, glitter-adorned tank and pendant necklace is the perfect combination of sugar, spice and everything nice. includes moto jacket, tank top and necklace jacket: quilted, zip front, long sleeves tank top: crewneck, glitter details jacket: polyester tank top: polyester/rayon washable imported
With combed cotton for comfort, these pastel diamond men’s crew socks are an essential accent for any outfit.   cotton/nylon/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 7-12
Style up your space with this room-darkening panel that showcases a subtle wave design. helps keep your home cooler in the summer and warmer in the winter blocks light and noise for better sleep lined for an enhanced weight and feel buckram in header adds crispness and support to the fabric 1½ grommet opening Sold individually. Polyester with polyester lining. Washable. Imported.
Stretch twill scrub pants from Dickies sport youthful, fashionable styling and on-the-job functionality. tall fit low rise elastic waist with drawstring wide belt loops 9 utility pockets elastic bungee loop triple pen holder motion knee darts straight leg cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported  
Get ready for rainy weather in our rain boots, featuring a mid-calf boot shaft and brass belt buckles for a classic look.   ●    rubber upper with two 100% brass buckles●    1 heel●    11 shaft height●    14 shaft circumference●    2 brass buckles on upper●    round toe●    loop for easy slip-on●    rubber lug sole  
A timeless classic that'll put the perfect finishing touch on any outfit, these brightly polished 14K yellow gold ball stud earrings will maintain their consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. They're also more durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. Hypoallergenic and nickel free. Made in America. Metal: 14K yellow goldBack: FrictionDimensions: 8mm long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Warm-weather is made for our swim trunks, with VaporPLUS quick-drying fabric to keep you comfortable all day.  UPF 50+ protection relaxed fit mesh liner Veclro® fly with string closure inside key pocket side seam pockets 10 inseam polyester washable imported
The Converse All Star is the shoe that revolutionized the game of basketball and later became a worldwide favorite known as the Chuck Taylor. A true American icon, the classic design hasn't changed since Chuck wore them himself. canvas upper bears the original Chuck Taylor Patch logo rubber toe bumper and arch grommets durable rubber sole for enhanced traction and control
Upgrade your favorite footwear by keeping the comfort of a flip flop but adding a wedge heel with our Mixit Sandals. polyurethane upper TPR outer sole 
Our bedspread set is the perfect addition to any bedroom with modern twist on a traditional style. cool hues match room decor easily contemporary medallion allover print polyester; cotton/polyester fill washable queen bedspread:118x110 king bedspread: 118x118 imported 3-piece queen and king sets include: bedspread 2 shams Queen sets include standard shams. King sets include king shams.
Perfect with jeans or shorts, these slip-on shoes feature a comfortable active memory foam comfort insole and easy style that you can wear everyday. technology Eastland active memory foam comfort insole construction canvas, denim or fabric upper slip-resistant and durable rubber sole details 1 heel soft, breathable fabric-lined insole foam insole supports and conforms to the curves of your foot
Our v-neck tee is a true wardrobe necessity that will get along famously with your denim for a low-maintenance look. ribbed neckline hits at hip 3/4 length sleeves 100% cotton charcoal grey: cotton/polyester washable imported
Get comfy and cozy for a great night's sleep with the soft construction and comfortable fit of our lace-trim pajama set. includes button-front top, tank and capris 100% cotton washable imported
The mixer you've always dreamed of. Unique mixing action, patterned after planetary revolution, reaches every part of the bowl. Plus, we offer you a rainbow of color choices.   durable direct-drive transmission means there are no belts to break when mixing heavy batters and doughs easy-access tilt-head design allows you to add ingredients easily multipurpose attachment hub allows you to convert your mixer into a food grinder, pasta maker and more (attachments sold separately) Includes: 5-quart stainless steel mixing bowl flat beater dough hook wire whip Metal. Measures 14 high. Bowl is dishwasher safe; hand wash attachments. Made in America.
This ingenious Star Wars© fitted-fleece blanket fits on a bed just like a fitted sheet. It stays in place and keeps kids warm all night. It provides year-round comfort and is perfect for sleepovers and camping. year-round comfort fits snug over a mattress zip closure polyester washable 75x39 imported
Take on the day with no-iron ease, a modern fit and a fabric that stretches with these twill pants from Dockers. iron-free technology stretch fabric Individual Fit® waistband gives up to 1 of room color stays truer longer slim fit through seat and thigh zip fly with hook and bar closure front slash pockets smart phone pocket double-welt, button-through back pockets flat front cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported
With a tight back, dome arms and welt detailing, this sleeper chair makes the most out of your space while providing a comfortable place for a guest to spend the night.   kiln-dried, laminated wood frame joined with two 16-gauge cords tempered steel spring system cushions filled with upholstery foam tapered block legs includes a twin mattress and printed accent pillow Twin mattress options: Basic: 4¾ overall thickness with a low-melt fiber insulator that is needle punched for increased strength and 13½-gauge, high-carbon steel springs. All materials are surged for additional strength to prevent slippage. Memory Foam: 4½ overall thickness with a 1 premium Enso PurGel memory foam layer on top of a 3½ layer of polyester support foam. The PurGel memory foam is cool and comforting thanks to its optimum temperature control.  Dreamquest: 6¼ overall thickness with a low-melt fiber insulator that is needle punched for increased strength and 13½-gauge, high-carbon steel springs. All materials are surged for additional strength to prevent slippage. Fabric options: Microsuede: 100% polyester, woven from extra-fine fibers to provide a superior feel, gentle drape and incredible softness. Feels like suede to the hand. Nina: 100% polyester, which provides high strength and resistance to shrinking, stretching and wrinkles. Feels like velvet to the hand. Buster: Chenille cloth made from 69% polyester/31% polypropylene. Woven into a tufted velvety cord or yarn, it feels like a velvety raised rib to the hand. Halo: 100% polyester, which provides high strength and resistance to shrinking, stretching and wrinkles. Feels like a finely ribbed microfiber to the hand. Hayden: 100% polyester, which provides high strength and resistance to shrinking, stretching and wrinkles. Feels like linen to the hand.Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 52Wx35Dx34H with a 20 seat height, 23 seat depth and 11 seat back height. Made in America. All colors are Custom Order with the exception of Microsuede Cinnabar with the Basic Mattress. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.
Add a 5-star resort feel to your bedroom with the elegant Matte Satin Square coverlet set, featuring modern embroidered squares and flanged trim.   square embroidered pattern flanged-edge trim fabric is washable for easy care 3-piece set includes: coverlet 2 shams Polyester coverlet with cotton fill; polyester shams. Washable. Imported. Full/Queen: coverlet is 92x96 King: coverlet is 110x96
A swirling pattern of white and color-enhanced blue diamonds brings an elegant twist to this pendant necklace crafted of polished sterling silver. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: ⅓ ct. t.w. tapered baguette and round white and color-enhanced blue diamonds Setting: Channel and prong Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long box chain Some diamonds may be treated and require special care; diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Dri-FIT socks from Nike feature a mid-foot compression design for a secure fit.   Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric anatomical left and right socks foot strike cushioning polyester/nylon/cotton/spandex washable imported
These soft, quilted micro terry slippers provide cushiony comfort in every step with its special EVA heel cushion and slip-resistant outsole that's perfect for indoor and outdoor use.  polyester upper 100% cotton vamp thermoplastic rubber sole EVA heel cushion absorbs impact and provides cushiony comfort indoor/outdoor use slip-resistant machine wash, dry flat imported
Our wedge sandals feature beaded embellishments and a wood footbed and straps for a beach-ready look.  polyurethane/fabric/wood upper polyurethane sole 1¼ heel open toe embellishments on straps
This lightweight cream gives even the most flyaway-prone hair a healthy smoothness that lasts. Finally, you can have a fearless blowout that’s damage free. The cupuaçu (koo-poo-ah-soo), a rare butter harvested only once in the Amazon rain forest, smooths from the inside out for lasting frizz control. vegetable protein forties hair to end frizz-causing porosity soy protein repairs porosity to help control frizz for all types of frizz-prone, unruly or coarse hair no sulfates, parabens, petroleum, mineral oil or artificial colors Made in America. How to use: Apply a dime-sized amount onto the hands and rub them together and then using your fingers, work the product into damp hair as evenly as possible from roots to ends. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Our skirt features a tiered style with ruffles for an ultra-femme look. elastic waist 23 length tall: 27¼ length rayon/spandex washable imported
The colorblocked design of our Dri-FIT Essential Crops brings you 3/4-length coverage with a tight, supportive fit. The sweat-wicking Dri-FIT fabric, mesh ventilation and adjustable waistband will keep you comfortable while you challenge your pace. sweat-wicking support for bold performance Dri-FIT fabric helps keep you dry and comfortable waistband and back panel mesh enhance ventilation elastic waistband with drawcord personalizes your fit 3/4-length provides excellent coverage gusset lining helps limit chafing while wicking sweat tight fit plain jersey polyester/spandex machine wash, air dry imported
true Introducing GE®'s most advanced wash system designed to consistently clean and dry dishes, featuring 65% more wash power delivered to each rack. A clean and simple appearance sits flush to your cabinets with this high-performing dishwasher, featuring a 3,600 RPM rotating stainless steel blade to pulverize food particles and SpaceMaker® basket that moves for efficient loading and unloading. ENERGY STAR® qualified 51 dBA with status light on door chrome accent control panel with 2/4/8-hour Delay Start  4-pass wash and dry element evenly heats water for washing and air for drying two-pump system provides excellent wash performance with reduced sound wash zones allow you to clean half-loads in either the upper or lower rack adjustable upper rack fits plates up to 10½ dedicated silverware jets focus on silverware baskets in multiple locations Wash Your Way customizable rack give the ability to configure the lower wash basket tines based on kitchen layout Piranha™ hard food disposer with removable filter Steam PreWash loosens tough soils before any cycle SpaceMaker® silverware basket can be placed on the rack or onto the door auto sensing cycle adjusts to soil level to maximize energy savings and ensure clean dishes sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes adjustable heights makes installation over built-up floors simple 
A loose and lovely cover-up is just the thing for a sunny summer day by the water. roundneck dolman sleeves shirred sides approx. 32 length nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
From a black dial to croc-look leather strap, the distinctive design of this watch gives it plenty of sophistication,   Brand: Claiborne Dial Color: Black Strap: Brown leather Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 205mm long; 22mm wide Model No.: CLM1178 Special Features: 3 multifunction sub dials (day, date, 24-hour); durable ionic plating   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A sweet lace inset lends girly flair to this bold tank from Arizona. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
An open back creates a two-tone look with our tank top, with a fun graphic and matching scarf completing the layered style.  includes printed scarf scoopneck racer back front graphic front: polyester/rayon back: polyester scarf: polyester washable imported
The artistry of a single bloom on these rugs creates a different kind of masterpiece for your room.   meticulously crafted with high-density hand-hooked yarns durable fibers for long-lasting enjoyment Polyester/acrylic. Spot clean spills
What it is:An intensive nighttime treatment that not only brightens but moisturizes skin while you sleep.What it is formulated to do:Treat while you sleepwake up with the appearance of brighter, more moisturized skin. This must-have Sleeping Mask contains camu camu berry, a potent superfruit that has 30 times the vitamin C of an orange and powerful absorption properties. Suggested Usage:-Apply a layer of the mask at night after your serum and moisturizer two to three times per week. Size3.4 oz Ingredients​-Camu Camu Berry: Potent superfruit from the Amazon; provides 30 times more vitamin C per ounce than an average orange.Water, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol,Myrciaria Dubia Fruit Extract, Glyceryl Stearate, Peg-100Stearate, Tridecyl Stearate, Neopentyl Glycol Dicaprylate/Dicaprate, Arbutin, Methyl MethacrylateCrosspolymer, Diphenylsiloxy Phenyl Trimethicone,Alcohol Denat., Stearic Acid, Dimethicone, MyristylAlcohol, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Acetyl Hexapeptide-8,Palmitoyl Tripeptide-5, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, SodiumHyaluronate, Soluble Collagen, Retinyl Palmitate,Tocopheryl Acetate, Panthenol, Sodium Pca, PerseaGratissima (Avocado) Oil, Allantoin, Aloe Barbadensis LeafJuice, Squalane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Sarcosine, Bht,Potassium Aspartate, Magnesium Aspartate, HydrogenatedLecithin, Propylene Glycol, Laureth-4, Polysorbate-20,Polysilicone-11, Tridecyl Trimellitate, Triethanolamine,Carbomer, Sodium Cocoyl Amino Acids, HydroxypropylMethylcellulose Stearoxy Ether, Sodium Methyl StearoylTaurate, Silica, Benzoic Acid, Potassium Sorbate, SodiumBenzoate, Phenoxyethanol, Methylparaben, Mica,Fragrance.
Men's tungsten carbide ring has ornate styling and stands out for its traditional good looks. Designed with a rounded comfort fit interior that slides on easily and avoids pinching. Engrave inside of band with names, a date or sweet sentiment and make it truly personal.Metal: Tungsten carbideDimensions: 7mm widePersonalize: Up to 25 characters (including spaces) in Script MT Bold fontJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Dance the night away in these sandals featuring a beautiful glitter design and delicate ankle strap. synthetic upper 4½ heel ½ platform shimmering glitter design adjustable ankle strap synthetic sole
Step into the chic style this season with our strappy flat sandals, featuring a colored faux leather upper that crosses around the back ankles and features polished buckle accents. faux leather upper adjustable straps open toe polyurethane sole
What it is:A powerful duo to gently exfoliate, nourish, and treat lips. What it is formulated to do:Transform your lips from dull and dry to smooth, soft, and sexy with this duo. The multiaction Fizzy Lip Exfoliating Treatment instantly renews, energizes, and smooths the look of lips. It features an exfoliation complex of Caribbean cane sugar, Hawaiian sea salt, and hibiscus flower powder, and is further boosted with an antioxidant-rich tropical fruit blend of sweet almond oil, guava, cherimoya, star fruit, lychee, and mangosteen. The moisture-rich Wet Lip Balm Treatment is designed to create instantly softer, hydrated, and restored lips. It’s formulated with a super hydration infusion of sweet almond oil, cocoa butter, murumuru butter, shea butter, tamanu oil, and babassu oil, and enhanced with kombucha extract. Both lip essentials contain teaoxi® Moroccan mint leaf for sweet, minty, kissable lips. This set contains:- 0.88 oz Fizzy Lip Exfoliating Treatment- 0.88 oz Wet Lip Balm Treatment What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know:Tip: Fizzy Lip Exfoliating Treatment is perfect to prep your pout for lip color to ensure even smooth coverage every time. Wet Lip Balm Treatment does not contain petroleum. Suggested Usage:Fizzy Lip Exfoliating Treatment:-Apply liberally and massage onto lips for five to 10 seconds to pre-exfoliate.-Gently massage with water to activate fizzing renewal action.-Rinse with warm water.-Use two to three times per week.Wet Lip Balm Treatment:-Apply evenly to lips.-Use day and/or night, as often as desired. Precautions:-Store in cool, dry place.-Avoid eye area. Ingredients:Fizzy Lip Balm Treatment:Sucrose, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Citric Acid, Sodium Bicarbonate, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Stevia Rebaudiana Extract, Moroccan Lava Clay, Glycyrrhiza Glabra (Licorice) Root Extract, Hibiscus Sabdariffa Flower Extract, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Mentha Viridis (Spearmint) Leaf Oil, Hdi/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Montmorillonite, Sodium Chloride, Carthamus Tinctorius (Safflower) Seed Oil, Malpighia Glabra (Acerola) Fruit Extract, Paullinia Cupana Seed Extract, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Carica Papaya (Papaya) Fruit Extract, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Orbignya Oleifera (Babassu) Seed Oil, Theobroma Grandiflorum Seed Butter, Calophyllum Tacamahaca Seed Oil, Ananas Sativus (Pineapple) Fruit Extract, Nephelium Lappaceum Branch/Fruit/Leaf Extract, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Astrocaryum Murumuru Seed Butter, Gardenia Tahitensis (Tiare) Flower Extract, Psidium Guajava (Guava) Fruit Extract, Garcinia Mangostana Fruit Extract, Litchi Chinensis Fruit Extract, Anona Cherimolia Fruit Extract, Averrhoa Carambola Fruit Extract, Maltodextrin, Ethylhexylglycerin, Silica, Caprylyl Glycol, Glycerin, Hexylene Glycol, Flavor, Limonene, Linalool, Bht, Phenoxyethanol. Wet Lip Balm Treatment:Polyisobutene, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Olea Europaea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Prunus Amygdalus Dulcis (Sweet Almond) Oil, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, Beeswax\Cera Alba\Cire D'abeille, Bis-Diglyceryl Polyacyladipate-2, Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Euphorbia Cerifera (Candelilla) Wax\Candelilla Cera\Cire De Candelilla, Synthetic Beeswax, Stevia Rebaudiana Extract, Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Mentha Viridis (Spearmint) Leaf Oil, Hdi/Trimethylol Hexyllactone Crosspolymer, Honey\Mel\Miel, Hibiscus Sabdariffa Flower Extract, Moroccan Lava Clay, Saccharomyces/Xylinum Black Tea Ferment, Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Malpighia Glabra (Acerola) Fruit Extract, Paullinia Cupana Seed Extract, Euterpe Oleracea Fruit Extract, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea Butter), Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Orbignya Oleifera (Babassu) Seed Oil, Theobroma Grandiflorum Seed Butter, Calophyllum Tacamahaca Seed Oil, Nephelium Lappaceum Branch/Fruit/Leaf Extract, Anona Cherimolia Fruit Extract, Sodium Hyaluronate, Astrocaryum Murumuru Seed Butter, Gardenia Tahitensis (Tiare) Flower Extract, Caprylyl Glycol, Psidium Guajava (Guava) Fruit Extract, Averrhoa Carambola Fruit Extract, Garcinia Mangostana Fruit Extract, Ethylhexylglycerin, Litchi Chinensis Fruit Extract, Silica, Water, Glycerin, Maltodextrin, Hexylene Glycol, Flavor, Limonene, Linalool, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Citric Acid, Phenoxyethanol.
These sandals are highlighted by a beautiful leather design and the comfortable features you expect from Clarks. technology Cushion Soft technology offers softness you can feel from your first step, long-lasting comfort and fit with minimal cushion compression optimal breathability via open-cell technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed absorbs impact and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction leather upper EVA sole details 2¼ heel adjustable side closure for a custom fit airport-friendly nylon shank
Add modern edge to your business-ready wardrobe with these slip-on leather boots. leather upper cuban heel double side gore for easy entry rubber sole
This spacious messenger bag makes toting your baby's must-haves easy and convenient with practical features like an adjustable shoulder strap, changing mat, waterproof pouch and stroller harness. includes changing mat, removable transparent pocket, removable pacifier pocket, stroller harness insulated lining adjustable shoulder strap 17.3x11.82x5.5 polyester hand wash, line dry imported
These durable, relaxed skinny jeans are a trend-right match for tees, sweaters and tunics and the perfect addition to the weekly lineup. adjustable button hole with elasticized waist zip fly with snap closure 5-pocket styling ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Softened by its luxurious fiber-filled back and fashionable tapered feet, this pad-arm leather sofa/corner chaise sectional features clean, rectangular styling elements and a handsome finish that stands out in any space.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery premium elastic webbing cushions filled with polyurethane foam and a bonded polyester comfort layer chip-resistant plastic feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 114Wx83Dx35H overall with a 19 seat height, 22 seat depth and 18 seat back height. Imported. All colors are Custom Order except Metro Dark Brown. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.
You didn't start this germ fight, but you'll finish it with this countertop UV toothbrush sanitizer. It kills 99.9% of all germs with a special germicidal UV bulb, leaving your toothbrush fresh and clean for the next use. just press the button—it shuts off automatically when it's done UV light technology kills 99.9% of the germs on any toothbrush designed to sanitize up to 4 electric, manual and kids' toothbrushes at once 2000-hour bulb life expectancy Includes: countertop UV toothbrush sanitizer removable drip cup germicidal UV bulb AC adapter user manual ABS plastic. Measures 3.3x3.3x6H. Rinse removable drip cup; wipe base clean. Imported. 
Load them on—the more, the merrier. This bangle watch and bracelet set lets you mix and match for a look that reflects your individual style. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.   Dial Color: Black Accents: Crystals on bezel Strap: Multicolor metal alloy Movement: Quartz Bracelet Dimensions: 47mm long; 57mm wide Model No.: 61859 Special Features: Includes 3 bangles   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Take your style to the next level with the familiar fit of a sheath dress bolstered with a timeless stripe design. crewneck 3/4 sleeves 36 length from shoulder polyester/elastane machine wash, dry flat imported
The combination of comfort and flexibility in our Xersion capris gives you the power to push yourself harder and relax more deeply. mid rise key pocket no-chafe seams quick dri fabric 19½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Dare to wear bold style with our adorable Liz Clairborne bow thong sandals.   polyurethane upper with bow embellishment polyurethane sole imported
Levi’s 512 jeans have a figure-enhancing, tummy-shaping panel through Levi’s innovative pocket design that creates an allover smooth shape. The straight leg is neither too slim nor too relaxed so you can pair it with your favorite flats or heels.   super soft, super stretchy denim tummy-slimming panel sits at the waist slim through hip and thigh straight leg with 16½ opening 10¾ front rise; 15⅜ back rise cotton/viscose/polyester washable imported misses average: 32 inseam misses short: 30 inseam misses long: 34 inseam                                                                          
Polished enough for the office, comfortable enough for the weekend: our millennium straight-leg pants will be your 7-day-a-week go-to pair. overbelly panel covers the tummy and can be worn up or folded down as needed throughout your pregnancy straight legs 30 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Spacious 18-quart roaster oven is your portable, go-anywhere second oven that is capable of doing almost everything a traditional oven does, except broil.   accommodates up to a 22-pound turkey perfect for cooking large family meals like lasagna or baking tasty treats exclusive Circle of Heat® heating element cooks from the sides for moist, even cooking temperature settings from 200-450ºF allow you to slow cook, roast, bake, steam – as well as sear and brown foods removable porcelain cookwell for quick and easy cleanup a single chrome steel rack includes handles for easy insertion and removal of hot foods 1425 watts. Measures 23½x15x12H. Cookwell is dishwasher-safe; roaster oven wipes clean. Imported.
Detailed with colorblock straps, our flowy handkerchief tank top takes the prize for chic, easygoing dressing.  v-neck 24 15/16-26¼ length top: rayon/spandex straps: 100% cotton washable imported
Make your own rules of attraction in our high-neck halter swim top, featuring an intricate braided detail. partially lined soft cups nylon/elastane hand wash, dry flat imported
Finish off your on-trend look with this cuff bangle watch, featuring crystals on the gold-tone bezel and lizard-print faux leather wrapped metal bracelet.   Dial Color: White Accent: Crystals on bezel Strap: White synthetic and metal Movement: Quartz Case Width: 22mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 6.5-7 long, 9mm wide Model No.: PT1495GDWT   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
For a timeless look that will look great paired with just about anything, our darling crochet dress is the must-have of the season. scoopneck sleeveless 34 length from shoulder crochet polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Some athletic styles are simply timeless, like the v-neck tee from Nike sporting a left chest Swoosh. v-neck short sleeves cotton washable imported
Make bedtime super with this mix-and-match pajama set, featuring 3 comfy, Spider-Man themed pieces. includes top, pants and shorts polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Interlocking loops dangle beautifully from these linear earrings to give your look a dose of elegant movement in polished sterling silver. Metal: Sterling silver Back: Wire Dimensions: 3/8x1¼ Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The FoodSaver Vacuum Sealer Kit preserves foods using an airtight seal that keeps them fresher up to five times longer than ordinary storage methods.   space-saving compact design  easy latch and lock operation  CrushFree™ Instant Seal  includes a bag starter kit with an 11x10' roll, 3 quart bags and 2 gallon bags  Plastic. Imported.
Brand: EarnshawDial Color: GrayStrap: Silver-tone stainless steelClasp: Deployment buckle with buttonsMovement: AutomaticWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 42mmCase Thickness: 14.5mmBracelet Dimensions: Standard length
During any kind of activity, she’ll have all the right moves when she wears these athletic shoes.   construction mesh/synthetic upper EVA sole   details lace op  
Personalized jewelry occupies a special place in the heart where cherished memories reside. This precious bracelet with heart charm will always strike a chord of delight. Metal: Silver over brass Closure: Spring ring Dimensions: 8 chain Personalize: 1 line, up to 10 letters and spaces per line Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our capris feature a Puma logo on the top left corner and a colorful bubble print on the inside waistband and back of the lower legs for a super-cute look. elastic waist Puma logo on top left corner bubble print on inside waistband and back lower legs polyester/spandex washable imported
Bootcut jeans in our just-right original fit are comfortable and look great too.   5-pocket style sits below waist straight fit through seat and thigh bootcut leg 18 leg opening cotton washable imported extended sizes and washes available online only
Symmetrical in style, the intricate detailing of this wall tapestry showcases gorgeous architectural ironwork.   made by skilled artisans using jacquard looms and pure cotton yarn rod, finials, brackets and mounting hardware included Cotton tapestry with iron hardware. Measures 53x53H. Made in America.  
Our blouse features laser-cut trim along the bottom hem and cuffs to add a bit of flair to the look.  roundneck 3/4 sleeves laser-cut trim 26½ length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Set your table with a timeless touch by serving your guests with this 32-piece porcelain dinnerware set.   coordinates beautifully with other JCPenney Home Whiteware pieces perfect for everyday use or special occasions oven, microwave and freezer safe each bowl has 15.5-ounce capacity each mug has 12-ounce capacity service for 8 32-piece set includes: eight 11” dinner plates eight 8¾” salad plates eight 6” cereal bowls eight 12-ounce mugs Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Perfect for hummus, salsa, guacamole and other dips, these servers features three divided sections and wide-flared handles.   chip-resistant stoneware construction built-in carry handles microwave safe set of 2 Stoneware. Each measures 16¾x5⅞x2¾H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Pull on this fine-gauge cotton sweater over a button-front or tee for effortless warmth anytime. Available in your choice of colors. crewneck long sleeves rib-knit cuffs and hem 100% cotton washable imported
In shiny 14K yellow gold, this darling butterfly pendant spreads it wings gracefully for a look that is glamorous and delicate. Perfect for everyday wear, and a must-have for those who love to layer.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Closure: Spring-ring Length: 17 cable chain Pendant Size: 10.15x7.65mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Show off your street smarts and keep your look sharp with these modern, skinny fit twill pants from Zoo York.   button and zipper closures sits at waist 5-pocket styling 32 inseam tapered leg cotton/spandex washable imported 
Tie together the perfect outfit with these espadrille wedge sandals. synthetic upper 3¼ jute-wrapped wedge heel 7/8 platform adjustable buckle closure rubber sole
Our slip-on sneakers feature a relaxed fit with memory foam so you can keep active and comfortable all day long.technology memory foam construction textile and leather upper rubber sole details slip on with pull tab
These durable fabric-covered binders feature a 3 1/2 x 3 1/2 window on the cover and secure D-ring closure so your pages and photos stay safe. uses 8 1/2 x 11 3-ring page protectors (sold separately) album measures 11 1/2 x 12 x 3 comes with protective plastic cover imported
Indispensable wrinkle resistant and machine washable pants, with a hidden expandable waistline, offer year-round wear in colors that go with any season.   hidden expandable waistband for ease of movement wrinkle-resistant machine washable big & tall fit with slight fullness in seat and hip; thigh has additional room flat front 4 pockets button closure with hook-and-eye straight leg hemmed polyester/viscose washable imported more sizes in big
Breezy, flowy and fun, our short-sleeve blouson fit-and-flare dress features an eye-catching ikat print and a tasteful tie at the waist. scoopneck dolman sleeves pull on 34 length from shoulder lined polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Wake up your office look with this decidedly different dress shirt.   spread collar smooth French placket French cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported  
Stay warm and cozy down to your toes in our adorable microfleece night shirt and socks set. polyester washable imported
Fans of Nike Mogan shoes will love this addition with better durability and weight
Bring pure sophistication into your space with the Carmichael comforter set in soft, shimmery charmeuse and a dramatic abstract pattern.   gold charmeuse fabric with elegant jacquard design gold flange border on comforter and shams Euro shams have embroidered border decorative pillows coordinate beautifully with comforter 8-piece comforter set includes: comforter 2 shams 2 Euro shams bedskirt with 15 drop 2 decorative pillows Queen set includes two standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include two king shams. Euro shams require a 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester shams, Euro shams and bedskirt. Washable. Polyester pillows with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. Queen: comforter is 92x96; decorative pillows are 18x18 and 18x10 King: comforter is 110x96; decorative pillows are 18x18 and 18x10 Cal. King: comforter is 110x96; decorative pillows are 18x18 and 18x10 King and Cal. King comforters are designed to be the same size, while the coordinating bedskirt is sized to fit the specific type you order.
Photography is combined with the science of x-rays to create a unique image for this print wall art.   sleek, thin frame is lightweight and easy to hang based on artwork by artist Albert Koetsier mounting hardware included Measures 14.61x2x14.61H. Keep out of direct sunlight. Made in America. 
The civil war is on between Captain America and Iron Man. He'll be ready to show his full Captain America support with our awesome lunchbox. insulated full zip closure polyester 9.5x4x7.5H wipe clean imported
When comfort and durability are a priority, reach for these premium denim jeans from Wrangler. sits at waist relaxed fit through seat and thigh 5-pocket styling straight leg cotton/spandex washable imported
Our tank top features a graphic print, high neck and low armholes for a look that's perfect for layering. roundneck high neck low armholes 24 ¼-25 5/8 length polyester washable imported
Layer our moisture-wicking mesh jacket over a tee or tank for breathable comfort all day long. Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry front pockets approx. 25⅛ - 27 length polyester washable imported
Bali® Passion for Comfort® underwire bra is beautifully simple with encased underwire for comfortable support.       thin, silky lining for modesty seamless cups for a smooth silhouette lightly padded straps cotton/polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry made in USA and/or imported of domestic and/or imported fabric manufacturer's style #3383
This simple ballet flat featuring a rounded toe and easy, slip-on styling proves that less is more.   polyester upper ¼ heel height slip on thermoplastic rubber sole
With a slight lift and shift and contouring seams, our wanna betta butt skinny jeans hug you in just the right places to give you a firmer, more flattering look. 5-pocket styling 34 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
A true American icon, our Chuck Taylor All Star high-top sneakers sport a traditional design that never goes out of style. UNISEX SIZING: Men's sizes shown. Women order 2 sizes smaller than your normal size. For example: If you wear a women's size 7, order size 5, etc. canvas upper lace up cotton laces rubber sole
Our 100% cotton Sleep Chic pajama top is so comfortable that you're going to want to wear it all day long. roundneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
For a perfectly roasted turkey worthy of your holiday table, turn to this 16½ deep roasting pan. It includes a V-rack to accommodate a larger bird and a basting grill for other juicy meats.   18/10 stainless steel construction is durable and highly resistant to stains and corrosion cast stainless steel handles are dual riveted for strength oven safe to 500ºF includes V-rack and basting grill Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe; hand washing recommended. Assembled and packaged in America of imported materials.  
As these simple, beautiful mugs go to show, dots and stripes are classic patterns that never go out of style.   sturdy bone china construction easy-grip handles each has a 14-ounce capacity microwave safe set of 2 Bone china. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Game time is anytime in these athletic mesh shorts from Champion. pockets 9½ inseam polyester washable imported
Combining clean lines and refined modern design, the Petit Nest Penelope fitted sheet creates an understated elegance in any nursery. contemporary chevron geometric print fun pink color designed to fit standard crib mattresses 28x52 coordinating accessories sold separately 100% cotton washable imported
A classic short-sleeve piqué polo shirt keeps him cool and comfortable throughout the school day.   great for school uniforms y-neck with polo shirt collar partial button placket cotton/polyester washable imported
He'll love splashing around in the water when he's in these shark splat swim trunks, which feature a side pocket, mesh-lined briefs and a fun allover shark print. adjustable waistband faux drawstring closure left side pocket mesh-lined briefs UPF 50+ polyester washable imported
Trimmed in elegant enamel on all four sides of the dial, this alarm clock makes a beautiful addition to your home or office.   quartz alarm clock silver-tone case packaged in a two part gift box Zinc alloy. Measures 3¼x3¼x1¼H. Requires one AA battery (included). Wipe clean with a dry cloth. Imported.   
You won't have to sacrifice comfort or style with our soft pants.   elastic waist slash pockets flax: polyester/rayon/linen other colors: polyester/rayon washable imported misses: approx. 28-30½ inseam petite: approx. 27-28½ inseam
Give your bathroom an essential yet textured accent with this functional, stylish set of bath accessories.   durable resin construction rubberized finish available in a variety of colors 3-piece set includes: tumbler soap dispenser toothbrush holder Resin. Imported.
Our popular full-coverage bra by Ambrielle Everyday is better than ever with super-soft microfiber and lightly lined underwire cups for comfort and gentle support. Perfect for a smooth look under your t-shirts, our full-figure bra complements your shape while providing everyday wearability.   Style: full coverage; provides you with the most coverage Padding: lightly lined underwire cups shape and secure bust Fabric: nylon/spandex Care: hand wash, line dry Origin: imported 
Let your little girl dance away the day in this ruched tee featuring a printed slogan. crewneck side ties short sleeve 2 bows at the hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Get back to basics with our short-sleeve ringer tee by Arizona, which is comfortable, stylish and easy to wear. roundneck approx. 29-30¼ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Genuine CRYSTALLIZED™ - Swarovski® Elements shine from the dial of this men’s chronograph, adding high-class sparkle to a watch that is packed with features. A high-speed chronograph and stopwatch, date display, and Eco-Drive technology—which uses any light source for power—make this watch an indispensible part of your daily style.   Brand: Citizen Dial Color: Champagne Strap: Gold-tone stainless steel Accents: CRYSTALLIZED™ - Swarovski® Elements Clasp: Push-button foldover Movement: Solar quartz Water Resistance: 200m Case Width: 43mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8¼” long, 22mm wide Model No.: FB3002-53P Special Features: date display, stopwatch and chronograph function, luminous hands, 12/24-hour time modes, 20 ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our classic camp shirt is a summer staple for easy-going, casual style.  three-quarter sleeves button front cotton voile washable imported
Everyone will want to gobble up your little turkey when he's rocking this adorable Thanksgiving bodysuit and pants set from Carter's. includes bodysuit and pants bodysuit: long sleeves, expandable shoulders, embroidered, nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel pants: elastic waist, turkey appliqué 100% cotton washable imported
We've got the skinny on style with these sleek jeans from Arizona.   adjustable waist skinny leg cotton washable imported
true This top-freezer refrigerator creates the ideal conditions for your food storage with upfront temperature controls and adjustable humidity drawers. ENERGY STAR® qualified upfront temperature controls regulate fresh food and freezer sections factory-installed icemaker adjustable spill-resistant glass shelves snack drawer conveniently stores favorite foods adjustable humidity drawers help food stay fresh wire freezer shelf spillproof freezer floor wipes up easily for quick cleanup 21.2 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage room 66¾ x 32⅞ x 34
Enjoy the pleasures of summer all year long with this Pacific Heights rug, providing durable performance in frequently used spaces inside and outside the home.   unique hand-hooked construction adds dimension to the design water, stain, mold and mildew resistant easy to clean – just rinse with water Yarn-dyed polypropylene. Measures 7'10 round. ¼ pile height. Rinse to clean. Imported.
Awww, look at those cute lil' Avengers on our comfy tee. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Look and feel great all day with the classic fit and straight leg style of our cropped pants. They instantly flatten and slim your stomach with the Secretly Slender Technology. built-in slimming tummy panel button-and-zip closure 2 slash front pockets and 2 welt back pockets straight leg 19” inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Casual ankle boots get a chic upgrade with a quilted design and cushioned insole, making them a great fit for your most cozy cold-weather ensembles. synthetic upper 1¼ heel 5½ shaft height 13½ shaft circumference buckle embellishment rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Step out in sparkling style wearing our wedge pumps adorned with a rhinestone brooch and popular peep-toe design. polyester upper pleated detail 3¼ heel bonded leather sole 
Dressing for work is easy with this travel performance dress shirt protected by Scotchgard.   point collar button front rounded patch pocket long sleeves rounded cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
Five-pocket jeans from Gloria Vanderbilt have a built-in tummy panel for an always flattering, classic fit.   tummy panel flat front classic fit tapered leg with 17 opening 11¼ rise 5-pocket styling shank button-and-zip closure rinse, preston, phoenix: cotton/Tencel®/spandex black, dark roast: cotton/spandex washable imported plus: 30½ inseam plus short: 28½ inseam
This windowpane jacket shakes up the solid suit rotation with a sleek, in-demand style that’s looks great on a range of body types. only at JCPenney big and tall fit notch lapel 2-button front 3 exterior pockets 3 interior pockets                       back side vents shell: wool/polyester lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Our sleeveless pintuck sheath dress is comfortable, versatile and easily paired with all your favorite accessories. scoopneck approx. 36½ length from shoulder lined polyester/viscose/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Washed for softness with a modern, slim fit these Dickies pants offer a laid-back look that's down for anything.   lower rise hook and eye and zip closures 4-pocket styling flat front wrinkle resistant stain release cotton/polyester washable imported 
Everything will be awesome when he is wearing this soft and comfy Lego Movie pajama set. includes short-sleevve tee and shorts polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
These polished captoe oxfords are the right Dockers shoes for any business casual choice.   softly-waxed leather upper in wardrobe-building black and cordovan classic cap-toe oxford styling with an updated look padded collar and cushioned insole cotton drill and synthetic lining synthetic sole D(Medium) 2E(Wide)
A dream is a wish heart heart makes when she's fast asleep in this colorful Cinderella nightshirt. ruffle on hem satin bow on sleeves and hem polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
This zip-front fleece hoodie is designed to keep future all-stars warm on and off the field. hood zip front long sleeves 2 split kangaroo pockets embroidered logo cotton/polyester washable imported
Use ice cubes from your own freezer to shave and craft refreshing snow cones for any occasion with this fun, easy-to-use cart featuring a nostalgic design. tempered windows wheels and cart handle for easy portability storage compartment snow cone holder Metal. Measures 18¼x15x27¾H. Wipe clean. Imported.
Graceful dragonflies decorate this elegant cast iron teapot that’s inspired by highly prized antique Japanese cast iron teapots still in use today.   black porcelain enamel interior coating stainless steel tea brewing basket intended for brewing and serving tea, not for stovetop use 26-oz. capacity Iron/steel. Hand wash. Imported.
Refurbish extra wall space with the distinctive storage capability of this industrial wall-mount wine rack. The nine bottle-shaped holders are a perfect fit and its simple, rustic black iron design creates a rare work of art for your favorite wines.   wrought iron accommodates 9 standard wine bottles rustic black iron finish ready to hang includes 1 attached keyhole hanger for easy installation 11x3½x40H imported
She'll flex her imagination for hours on end helping Minnie run her pet shop with this intricate play set.   Disney Collection only at JCPenney for ages 3+ wipe clean imported   WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – contains small parts. Not for children under 3 years of age.
Hip in the most retro way, our rectangle sunglasses from Zoo York have plaid inner temples for a stylish, patterned look. 100% UV protection plastic frame
Our classic 5-pocket, denim bermuda shorts have the stretch and style that will have you reaching for them again and again. classic fit 5 pocket style zip fly with button closure 7½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
This sleek double curtain rod adds modern appeal with a touch of minimalist charm to your windows. 1¼ diameter outer rod; ¾ diameter inner rod nickel finish telescoping design allows for easy adjustment rod length excludes finials allow 3 clearance for outer rod; 1½ for inner rod   mounting hardware included Steel. Imported.
Enjoy delicious ice cream treats wrapped in crispy, crunchy, golden-brown waffle cone goodness straight from the kitchen with the Chef Buddy Waffle Cone Maker. Make your own waffle cones and other delectable desserts like lace cookies in just minutes. nonstick cooking surface red power indicator light green ready indicator light cycles on and off to maintain correct temperature temperature dial locking latch 27 two-prong cord includes plastic waffle cone form 750 watts. Plastic. Measures 9¾x9x4H. Wipe cooking plates clean with damp cloth. Imported.  
This simple 14K yellow gold men's wedding band is bold and good-looking, just like the man of your dreams.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Width: 2mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The distinct curves and sleek styling of this futon perfectly complements contemporary decor while its conforming mattress solves all of your lounging and sleeping needs. metal frame base and arms screw, bolt and stretcher bar joinery hinged spring system frame features couch, bed and reclining positions queen-size mattress has layers of premium cotton, polyester and upholstery foam Upholstery is 55% cotton/45% polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Assembly required. Frame is imported; mattress made in America. Frame: 86Wx42Dx34H Full mattress: 75Wx54Dx8H Queen mattress: 80Wx60Dx8H
These low-cut premium cotton socks from Nike offer comfort and all-day performance.   package of 6 pairs breathable, keeps feet cool and dry arch compression for perfected fit reinforced heel & toe for durability cotton for softness and durability cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 8-12
These classic Bermuda shorts are a great alternative to pants on those sweltering hot school days.   belt loops zip fly pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
Our satchel features a sleek design and has double handles and an adjustable shoulder strap, giving you two ways to carry it. ●    double handles, 9 drop; adjustable shoulder strap, 16-20 drop●    100% leather●    1 zip and 1 slip exterior pocket with magnetic closure●    1 zip and 2 slip interior pockets●    16x11x4D●    imported  
These cotton-rich dress socks offer all-day comfort and whimsical style for your workday. reinforced toe cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12½
Dress up your casual looks with our chic and comfortable slingback sandals, boasting a sophisticated strappy upper and medium wedge heel. technology shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern rubber sole twists and folds to take pressure off the foot construction faux-leather upper rubber sole details 2¼ covered wedge heel buckled slingback entry cushioned footbed sueded sock   
Uniquely designed to let you flip it 90° for a fresh new look on a whim, this shower curtain features beautiful medallion and floral patterns in bright colors. easy-care polyester fabric hook holes on top and one side for easy design flipping includes 13 coordinating shower curtain hooks Polyester. Measures 72x72L. Washable. Imported.
Get him ready for the day and dressed for play with our easy, pull-on shorts. elastic waist 2 side pockets cotton/nylon washable imported
Add to your casual wardrobe with our relaxed wide-leg pants. classic fit straight leg 2 front patch pockets 2 back patch pockets 34½ inseam linen/rayon washable imported
A sterling silver bubble band adds to the excitement of this square lab-created ruby ring. Brilliant alone, even better together—mix-and-match with additional rings and create an endless collection of glamorous stacks.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Lab-created square ruby Setting: Prong Width: 2.5mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This handsome cotton twill grommet-top thermal curtain panel, with polyester/cotton and thermal linings, meets all your needs when it comes to helping keep rooms warmer in the winter and cooler in the summer.   helps reduce light and noise 100% cotton with 80% polyester/20% cotton lining; acrylic thermal lining cotton twill fabric with grommet header offers a relaxed, casual look grommets have gunmetal finish 6 grommets per panel Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 1½ in diameter. Cotton with polyester/cotton lining and acrylic thermal lining. Machine wash, line dry. Imported.  
Create excellent eggs for your benedict and other breakfast dishes with this egg poacher. perfectly poaches eggs  mesh basket lets eggs submerge Silicone/nylon/stainless steel. Measures 4x3½x5¾H. Top-rack dishwasher safe. Imported.  
  Classic crew socks with the best logo in sports.   cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our 3/4-sleeve textured sweater will transition you through the seasons beautifully. roundneck acrylic washable imported misses: 25½ length from shoulder petite: 25 length from shoulder
What it is:Perfect Formulas Gel Coat is a clear, protein rich nail coating that strengthens, seals, and protects weak nails.What it does:This Suit of Armor is a gel coat polish that creates a clear coating that strengthens and hardens natural nails so they can grow beautifully long and strong - This keratin-rich formula can be worn alone or layered over your favorite nail colorWhat it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dyes- Phthalates- GMOs- TriclosanWhat else you need to know:The owner of one of the largest manufacturers of nail polish formulated Gel Coat to address her own problems with nails that split and broke. She was so pleased with the results that she created the Perfect Formula brand to help other women achieve strong, beautiful nails. Size0.6 oz
Rendered in a two-tone design, lab-created white sapphires provide a shimmering border to a luminous opal. Radiant in love, this pendant delivers the perfect dose of romance and feminine charm to your everyday look.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold over sterling silver and rhodium-plated sterling silver Stone: Lab-created opal, 4x4mm Other Stones: Lab-created white sapphires Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 rope chain Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Layer on a little extra warmth with our micro-fleece pullover that's brushed on both sides for softness.   front is anti-pilling polyester washable imported
Whether you're just starting your wine collection or looking for economical, dependable storage, this Classic series dual-zone wine cellar is the answer. This no-frills, cabinet is effective at protecting your investment with quality wine storing technology. quick and effective cooling freestanding and built-in capability exterior digital touchscreen with LED display LED lighting dual-zone cooling sliding wood shelves stainless steel door trim UV-tinted, dual-pane glass door holds up to 46 standard-size bottles Metal/wood/glass. Measures 23½x24½x34H. Wipe clean. Imported. 
  The Elevate series of kitchen tools include an innovative weighted handle. When the item is placed on a counter, the working end is always lifted off of the surface.   dishwasher safe weighted handle Imported.
Our Hanes boxer briefs feature X-TEMP technology that keeps you cool and comfortable at peak performance. includes 3 pairs X-TEMP technology adapts to help keep you cool and dry tagless ComfortFlex Fit® waistband advanced moisture-wicking technology no ride-up legs cotton/spandex washable imported
With reduced layering that enhances flexibility, our youthful athletic shoes give her plenty of comfort to go with her sporty style. technology articulated Phylite carrier outsole construction mesh/synthetic upper rubber sole details self-adhesive closure toe and heel pods help reduce wear
Our comfortable, relaxed-fit woven capris will be your go-to weekend pair. loose fit 2x2 ribbed knit waistband with drawstring pull-on style flat front drawstring cuffs 22 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Our classic short-sleeve tee gets a contemporary look with a cute crochet hem that will enhance any ensemble. scoopneck short sleeves 26½ length polyester/rayon washable imported
Dockers® Signature Khaki flat-front pants are a classic step in the right direction.   no wrinkles color retention technology flat front with comfort waist zip fly with button closure double-welt, button-through back pockets wing & anchor logo embroidery permanent crease cotton washable imported  
Mixing timeless colors, textures, and a modern design, makes this spacious entertainment center a stylish organizer for any room you choose. solid MDF and hardwood veneer construction accommodates up to 50” flat screen TV large bottom drawer glides open for easy access 2 roomy cabinets for enclosed storage total unit measures 52.25x16.75x20.25”H; drawer measures 20.5x12.75x4”H assembly required; tools and hardware included wipe clean imported
true Get all the power you need with this electric dryer featuring 9 effective drying cycles and Sensor Dry that shuts off the dryer when clothes are done. Its spacious design means you'll spend less time loading and more time enjoying dry, fresh clothes. 7.5 cu. ft. capacity lets you do more laundry in each load knob control and LED display  9 drying cycles with Sensor Dry that adjusts drying time to save energy  4 temperature settings child lock feature prevent unintended use Smart Care lets you troubleshoot appliance problems from your smartphone
Warm-up or cool down in this logo soccer tee with style that's always ready to hit the field. crewneck long sleeves polyester washable imported
Carry it all and still travel light with this hardside upright luggage that features a sleek design and spacious interior. four dual spinner wheels water-resistant hard body polyester design built-in TSA combination lock for great security ergonomic handle system makes it easy to pull luggage with you 3 spacious interior compartments with built-in suiter removable toiletry kit for added convenience adjustable tie-down strap to keep clothes secure polyester/ABS/polycarbonate spot clean 10.5x15x21H imported
Add effortless elegance to your day with this stunning earring set that lets you pick studs or hoops (or both!) to make your style sparkle.   Metal: Silver-plated brass Stones: Crystals Back: Hinged (hoops) and friction (studs) Dimensions: 18x13.5mm (hoops), 5mm (studs) Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The Plaza grommet-top curtain panel from Royal Velvet easily slides onto a rod or pole and hangs beautifully.   measures 50Wx95L helps reduce light and noise blackout panel helps block light and noise charcoal, cool white, smokey taupe, seamist, seagrass and mood indigo colors have gunmetal grommets executive brown, stargazer, ivory beige, palmetto red, midnight purple and traditional tan colors have bronze gold grommets updated colors to complement any decor Panel is sold individually. Measured overall. Hang on a rod up to 1¼ in diameter.  Polyester with polyester lining. Washable. Imported. Style tip: Steam or press out wrinkles and hang panel, folding the end grommets back towards the window. This should create four evenly spaced folds. At the bottom of the panel, pull the folds together like an accordion and, using a binder clip,  fasten them from the back all the way to the bottom hem. Hang overnight.   
Our tank top features a tie dye print, double layers and includes a necklace that can be detached, giving you a versatile warm-weather look v-neck includes necklace 29 length rayon/polyester hand wash, line dry; remove necklace first imported
You’re ready for a trip to exotic locales when you wear this open-weave safari hat that includes a 3-pleated cotton band. 19x15x12H straw/cotton spot clean imported
Delicate lace adds a sweet touch to the undeniably feminine feel of our micro cheeky panties. cotton/spandex washable imported Small: 5 Medium: 6 Large: 7 X-Large: 8 XX-Large: 9
Tartan plaid brings bold personality to this unexpectedly suave slim tie. clip-on tie bar included 2¾ wide; 56 long polyester dry clean or spot clean imported
Deep colors and gorgeous details make this rectangular rug the ideal accent piece. It's sure to give your home a classic-looking update.   durable power-loomed polyester/polypropylene crafted in Egypt       .25 overall thickness        Stain Resistant: No      Fade Resistant: No      Slip Resistant: No      Fire Retardant: No      Rug Pad Recommended: Yes      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Professionally clean      Origin: Imported
Come fly with our wide-neck screen tee from I 'Heart' Ronson—a standout top for your relaxed look. roundneck short sleeves 23 length polyester/spandex washable imported
Speed up the cook time of breakfast, lunch and dinner with this convection system with a spacious 0.6 cubic-foot capacity that can cook six slices of bread or a 12” pizza faster and more evenly.   digital controls with large blue backlit display electronic dial and LED buttons convection fan cooks food faster and more evenly preheat ready signal easy-clean nonstick interior clock and 2-hour timer automatic shutoff slide-out crumb tray includes baking tray, broiling rack and recipe book AC current; 1800 watts. Stainless steel. Measures 19.7x10.7x10.9H. Wipe clean. Imported.  
The flirty lace-up sides add just the right amount of pretty to our sleeveless skater dress. roundneck sleeveless lace-up sides approx. 33½-36½ length from shoulder polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported 
Get comfort and effortless style in our sleeveless cowlneck top, with ruched sides to complement your curves. cowlneck sleeveless ruched sides polyester/spandex washable imported
For a lift that looks and feels custom made for you, you’ll love our gorgeous embellished bra by Maidenform.   padded cups underwire nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #9473 Hanes Brands Inc. is making a $100,000 combined donation to the Breast Cancer Research Foundation to help move closer to a world without breast cancer.
Make it modern with our diamond cut climber earrings, made with quality 14K yellow gold and a cool climber design.  Metal: 14K yellow gold Back: Friction Dimensions: 5.20x23.45mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail
true Cooking is a breeze with this true European convection wall oven. The self-clean options ensure that your time spent in the kitchen will be minimal. 5.0 cu. ft. total oven capacity glass touch controls so you can set temperatures quickly and clean with little effort ten-pass bake element ensures even baking with heat that covers more surface area, ten-pass dual broil element gets full broil coverage and even browning from edge to edge true European convection with direct air bakes evenly as warm air blows from the top in and around bakeware hidden bake oven interior makes cleanup easy by eliminating hard-to-reach areas self-clean with Steam Clean options self-clean, heavy-duty oven racks: conveniently clean your oven and racks together progressive halogen oven lighting lets you see what you're baking with lights that slowly illuminate the oven
The sharp stainless steel blade on this swivel peeler glides through even the toughest fruit and vegetable skins with ease.   brushed stainless steel handles for strength and durability flexible fins on the handle for ultimate comfort hole at the bottom for easy hanging and storage Stainless steel. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
These easy slip-on casual oxford-style shoes are made of a soft full-grain leather upper and features extra cushioning for all-day comfort. 360-degree lacing system for secure fit full-rubber outsole provides grip low-profile 1 heel height removable cushioned sock lining 100% leather imported
The fleur-de-lis, the centuries-old emblem of prestige, stands independent and majestic in the field of these luxurious wool rugs. A cotton backing finishes them in style.   wool has long been regarded as the preferred fiber for the world's finest rugs vibrant colors combine with sculpted details to bring out the depth and beauty of the design super high-density weave special luster wash and finishing offer a wondrous softness and shine hand-tufted construction highly durable wool ½ pile height; ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: N/A Slip Resistant: N/A Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve skid resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported It's perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep it under control until the rug has been seasoned and no longer sheds.
Our bodycon dress features a tank style and comes in a variety of colorful prints, making it the perfect addition to your warm-weather wardrobe. straightneck sleeveless 31¾-39¼ length rayon/spandex haute tropics coral, peach white stripe, Atlantis black stripe, berry blitz blue stripe: washable summerscape purple, ipanema teal multi, electric love black, throwback pink: machine wash, dry flat imported
Turn up the glamour for your casual look in our extra-long and layered tank top with a flowing asymmetrical hem. roundneck 27½ front length to hip; 37½ front length to thigh polyester top layer rayon/spandex bottom layer hand wash, dry flat imported
Standing out with its beautifully exotic mango wood construction and durable lacquered finish, this dining set adds a natural yet sophisticated element to your dining space. solid mango wood construction brushed raisin finish table features an 18 leaf extension chairs feature a comfortable cushion filled with upholstery foam 7-piece set includes: dining table 2 Parsons dining chairs 4 ladderback dining chairs Upholstery is polyurethane. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Imported. Table: 60Wx42Dx30H without extension; measures 78Wx42Dx30H with extension Each chair: 22Wx19Dx40H with an 18 seat height
Bring color and sparkle to your outfit with this collar necklace and drop earring set.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Red crystals Earring Back: Wire Earring Dimensions: ½ Necklace Closure: Lobster clasp Necklace Dimensions: 17 cable chain plus 2 extender   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Make stylish dressing look easy in the fashion-forward silhouette of our striped blouse with roll-up tab cuffs. long sleeves shirt collar front button placket roll-cuff tabs front chest pockets approx. 28¼ - 30½ front length polyester washable imported
Light and feminine our Alfred Dunner printed blouse has a happy feel that you'll love to wear.   crewneck short flutter sleeves approx. 21½ length polyester cami: polyester washable imported
Commemorate your big day with this polished white gold wedding band with seven channel-set diamonds in the front.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: I-J Clarity: I2 Gallery Height: 3mm Dimensions: 23x24mm Size: 10 only   Ring is only available at jcp.com in size 10. Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This 2-piece set, which features a cross-dyed neon polo shirt and a pair of corresponding camo-style cargo shorts, is sure to become your little one's new favorite outfit. front button placket no-pinch elastic waistband polo: cotton/polyester shorts: 100% cotton washable imported
Our Possibilities fabric furniture program gives you the freedom to create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement. Simply choose your fabric, then select your pieces from the versatile collection of Possibilities sofas, chairs, chaises, corner pieces, sleepers and more.   oak and plywood frame removable and reversible foam cushions removable feet Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester/linen blend; 92% polyester/8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 46x39x36H with 20H seat; innerspring mattress measures 24x72x5H. Made in America of imported materials. All colors are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance. 
Your favorite brand will quickly become his when you get him this colorful graphic tee with Levi's batwing logo. crewneck 100% cotton washable imported
Featuring everything you need to give your bathroom a coordinated look, this bath-in-a-box set is an easy way to update guest bathrooms or master suites. durable ceramic accessories beautifully patterned shower curtain waterproof shower curtain liner makes a great housewarming gift 18-piece set includes shower curtain: 72x72L shower curtain liner: 72x72 soap dispenser: 2½ in diameter; 7½H  tumbler: 2½ in diameter; 4½H  toothbrush holder: 2½ in diameter; 4½H  soap dish: 5x3½x1H 12 shower curtain hooks: 2 in diameter; 1½H Shower curtain is polyester; washable. Liner is vinyl/PEVA; soap dispenser, tumbler, toothbrush holder and soap dish are ceramic; shower curtain hooks are resin; wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
This versatile kitchen island with space-saving features is a great way to improve your kitchen without the expense of remodeling. It's an easy way to add flexible storage capacity and counter space.   hardwood with raised panel doors and brushed steel hardware moves easily and quietly on heavy-duty rubber casters (2 locking) knife rack/utensil caddy 3 separate storage areas with adjustable shelves, 2 drawers, towel holder, and space-saving, flip-up breakfast bar Solid hardwood. 54x18½x36¼H when breakfast bar is down; expands to 30½W when up. Wipe wood parts with soft cloth. Easy assembly. Imported.
Add some girly charm to your step with this 3-piece silver-tone toe ring set with heart and flower design. Metal: Silver-tone metal Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Approach jeans in a new way with our Alfred Dunner denim capris and their adorable outlook. elastic waistband slash pockets approx. 19 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Whether layered or worn on its own, this timeless flannel shirt adds instant style and comfort to any look. point collar 2 chest pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Look like the consummate professional you are in this adjustable-fit chef hat from Chef Designs.     poplin adjustable back hook-and-loop one size fits most polyester/cotton washable imported of domestic fabric
  Proudly wear the symbol of Celtic Christianity with these intricate enamel cuff links on a nickel-plated setting.   ¾ x ¾ enamel/nickel-plated metal imported
Chill out with our palm-print, super comfy cotton shorts. zip fly with button closure chino fit flat front 21 outseam 100% cotton washable imported
Whatever path you choose, it will lead you to beauty. Or, so it is with this diamond ring. Baguette and round diamond loops all converge at a cluster of round diamonds that expands elegantly across your finger.   Metal: 10K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round and baguette diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong and channel Dimensions: 21.2x26.4mm Gallery Height: 7.7mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The Caruso 30-piece steam hairsetter is an easy way to style your hair just the way you want it. It harnesses the power of steam to create curls of all sizes.   wide range of roller sizes from extra-small to jumbo steam conditions as it curls volume and curls last for days Imported.  JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
You’ll find so many ways to wear our slim-fit stretch-twill cropped pants—dressed up or down, to the office or on the weekend—you might want more than one pair. flat front hook-and-bar with zip closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back welt pockets cotton/spandex washable imported misses: 28 inseam petite: 26 inseam
With Louise Philippe-style molding that dates back centuries, our Huey Vineyard chest will bring a beautiful, classic style to your room. sturdy MDF construction vinyl finish butt joinery 5 smooth-operating drawers metal glides antiqued pewter-tone hardware 30x16x45H wipe clean Assembled in the United States with global components Signature Design by Ashley® is a registered trademark of Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.
Our fun and funky platform sandals give you the height you want and striking style. synthetic upper adjustable buckle 5 heel rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Our sophisticated leather oxfords will make people take notice of your footwear choices.  leather upper wing-top toe lace up rubber sole
Athletic enough for easy mobility yet rugged enough to keep your feet safe, these slip-resistant work boots are essential for any demanding profession. technology durable, waterproof and breathable GORE-TEX® lining construction leather/nylon upper rubber sole details lace up 8 shaft height side zipper for easy access cushioned, removable insert Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
Polish up your professional wardrobe with classic, yet current, pieces like our stitch pleat skirt, designed at a midi length to complement your favorite jackets, sweaters and blouses. mid rise invisible zipper 28 length polyester washable imported
Great for international travelers, this dependable chronograph watch boasts accurate dual quartz movements in standard and military time. Brand: Ingersoll Dial Color: Brown Strap: Brown leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 46mm Case Thickness: 17.2mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 22mm wide Model No.: INQ009KHBR Special Features: Date display; dual time; 24-hour sub dial Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Collar up and cool down in this soft polo from Xersion, featuring sweat-wicking technology to help keep you dry. moisture-wicking fabric self collar 3-button placket polyester washable imported
Give your ego and your bust a boost in our extreme push-up bra from Lily of France, boasting soft fabric for ultimate comfort and a smooth look under clothes. adds up to one full cup size 3-way convertible straps padded push-up cups underwire nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported  
true This front-load washer is powerful with a large 4.2 cubic feet capacity, nine wash settings and four temperature settings for an optimal clean. And with Smart Care, this washer practically maintains itself with a self clean cycle that runs every 40 washes to remove dirt and bacteria.  ENERGY STAR® qualified 4.2 cu. ft. capacity Stainless Steel Diamond Drum easy-to-operate electronic controls including a digital time remaining display 9 cycles that includes a steam wash cycle and a sanitize/allergen cycle 4 temperature settings spin speeds up to 1,200 RPM Smart Care cycle is specially designed to self-clean wash tub without additives delay start for lets you schedule your wash time preset cycles allow you to customize your soil and spin levels to provide ideal wash settings VRT (Vibration Reduction Technology) with Special sensors keep the drum balanced stackable design provides all-in-one vertical look, maximizing floor space (sold separately) fill hoses are required for installation (sold separately) shop matching electric dryer or gas dryer Note: In order for pedestals to be installed they must be purchased and delivered with the corresponding washer and dryer.
  These slip-on men's shoes will bring a touch of dress-sense to any casual outfit.   leather upper dual fit system for regular or wide feet polyurethane footbed fabric lining polyurethane sole
Our appealing Aurora bra provides full coverage, superior support and an underwire design so you can feel confident and pretty at the same time. full coverage adjustable straps padded underwire polyamide/elastane machine wash, dry flat/line dry imported
She'll be ready to Dad extra hugs in this precious layette set. includes bodysuit, cap, socks and bib bodysuit: snap front, long sleeves, chest pocket with bow nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel bib: snap closure, 3 layers bodysuit, cap and bib: cotton socks: cotton/polyester/elastane washable imported
Fun in the sun begins with the UV sun protection of this cool, comfortable rash guard from Arizona. UV protection        UPF 50+    crewneck short sleeves polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported  
Simplicity at its finest, our a.n.a® top is an easy choice for day-long comfort. v-neck 3/4 sleeves approx. 28½ length polyester washable imported
The ultimate battle between Batman and Superman make our 3-piece; shorts, pants and pajama top a real hit. elastic waistband short sleeves polyester washable imported This garment is made of flame-resistant fabric. Fabric and Fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame-resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements
Specially woven to stretch and move with you, our colorblock jacket will be the one you reach for when you want lightweight coverage on-the-go. mechanical stretch fabric for comfort piping at front princess seams front zip closure two side pockets approx. 24¼ - 25¾ center back length twill polyester washable imported
These cute ballet flats feature a comfortable memory foam insole and mini buckle detailing. synthetic upper memory foam for comfort double buckle embellishment synthetic sole
Keep your essentials organized while on the go in our effortlessly stylish two-tone satchel. top handles, 11 drop 2 top zipper closures synthetic; polyester lining wallet included 2 exterior side flap pockets and one zipper pocket 9½(H) x 13(W) x 4(D) imported 
Timeless Florsheim oxford shoes offer a comfortable style that will keep you standing strong and looking your best no matter what your day may bring. construction leather upper rubber sole details lace-up entry moc toe fabric lining memory foam cushioned footbed  
Featuring a crochet back and a smock hem, our light and frilly dolman top is the perfect addition to your warm-weather wardrobe. scoopneck 23 length polyester hand wash, line dry imported
What it is: A five-piece set of Smashbox must-haves in portable sizes to prep the face, eyes, and lips. What it does: Enhance your makeup looks with the Try it Kit - Bestsellers. It features the Photo Finish Foundation Primer in a deluxe sample size to enhance your makeup look. Then give lashes ultra-glossy volume and lift with the travel size of the bestselling Full Exposure Mascara. Swipe on the travel-friendly, Photo Op Eye Shadow Trio in Filter, in three perfectly coordinated shades: a base shade, contour color, and highlighter with velvety-smooth, hi-res formulas. Line on your best lasting look with the full size Always Sharp Waterproof Kohl Liner, an award-winning eyeliner that glides on easily and self-sharpens every time you take the cap off. Finish off with the deluxe size, Be Legendary Lip Gloss in Disco Rose, a saturating shade of gloss with an ultra-smooth shine that does not feel sticky. This set contains: - 0.25 oz Iconic Photo Finish Foundation Primer (deluxe sample size) - 0.04 oz Photo Op Eye Shadow Trio in Filter (travel size) - 0.14 oz Full Exposure Mascara (travel size) - 0.01 oz Always Sharp Waterproof Kohl Liner in Raven (full size) - 0.13 oz Be Legendary Lip Gloss in Disco Rose (deluxe sample)Suggested Usage: Photo Finish Foundation Primer: -Start any makeup application with Photo Finish Foundation Primer for a totally flawless canvas. Full Exposure Mascara: -Starting at the base of lashes, sweep mascara up and out. -Apply a second coat for added fullness and length. Photo Op Eye Shadow Trio -For a flawless 3-step look, use Tapered Shadow Brush #7 to apply the lightest shade all over lid. -Then contour by applying the medium shade in the crease with Crease Brush #10. -Finally, define by using Cream Eye Liner Brush #9 to line upper and lower lash lines with the darkest shade. Always Sharp Waterproof Kohl Liner: -Want an even more intense eye look? Don't forget to line the inner rim for major definition. Be Legendary Lip Gloss: -Create the illusion of a plumper pout by dabbing a bit of extra gloss in the center.
true This high-performance range hood features exhausts from the top or rear of the unit, giving your kitchen an efficient solution for removing smoke and odors as you accomplish your cooking tasks. vertical and rear exhaust convertible venting offers vented or non-vented installation options halogen cooktop light illuminates the cooking surface 4 3/4 x 35 7/8 x 20  
With a comfy wool-blend construction, our crew socks will keep your feet cool during warm weather and warm during cold weather, delivering year-round comfort and functionality. moisture-wicking fabric keeps feet dry arch compression provides added support and stability ventilation channels are engineered for air circulation and moisture control half-cushion foot provides non-bulky comfort reciprocated heel and toe for superior fit and comfort acrylic/merino wool/nylon/polyester/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
Creating a smooth silhouette with our high-waist briefs, featuring laser-cut edges and moderate control shaping for tummy, hips and rear. moderate control tag free laser cut high waist tummy control no panty lines nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #7563
Wow her with magnificent color. Fashioned in 14K gold over silver and white sapphires, this marquise-shaped, lab-created ruby ring is sure to turn heads.   Metal: 14K gold over silver Stones: Lab-created rubies and white sapphires, 10x5mm, 2.3-2.5x1.3mm, 2.7x1.5mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Let this silver-tone necklace do the talking with its abundance of dangly stones in colors that go with work or casual wear. Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Multicolor stones Closure: Lobster clasp Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Give her the best of both style and comfort with these must-have bike shorts. pull-on style cotton/spandex washable imported 
Perfect for your little fashion diva, this comfy tee features a side-tie and cool graphic print to set it apart from more basic tops.  round neck short sleeves front side tie cotton/polyester washable imported
Add extra comfort and style to your chaise lounger with this suzani-patterned outdoor cushion. It's a bright update for your patio or deck, and is water repellant and fade resistant to stand up to the weather. fade resistant water repellant polyester with polyester fill spot clean 21x79x3 filled and finished in America with imported materials
Dreamy, bedtime comfort is easy to love with these soft, animal-print pajamas. includes top and long pants top: roundneck, short sleeves pants: elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Rethink cargo cool in our ruched, pocket-friendly stretch poplin shorts—cleanly finished with a twill tape drawstring waist and hem. 2 front zipper pockets; 2 front patch, 2 back pockets 17 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Add a fun design element indoors or outdoors with this floral and paisley rug. Neutral tones are mixed with bold colors that will give any space a style boost. floral and paisley pattern multi-textured pile mold and mildew resistant power loomed polypropylene latex backing    pile height .25; .45 overall thickness crafted in Turkey        Stain Resistant: Yes      Fade Resistant: Yes      Slip Resistant: No      Fire Retardant: Yes      Rug Pad Recommended: Yes      Use: Indoor/Outdoor      Care Instructions: Rinse with a garden hose.      Origin: Imported
Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. princess-cut diamonds Color: H-I Clarity: I1-I2 Setting: Prong and bezel Gallery Height: 5mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Tackle any cooking challenge with our 12-piece nonstick cookware set. It's exceptionally easy to clean and you can cook with little to no added fat or oil. high-quality aluminum heats up quickly, uses less energy than other materials and delivers even heat throughout durable nonstick interior provides good food release, making cleanup easy easy-clean exterior is designed for easy maintenance and long-lasting beauty tempered glass lids are vented and allow you to watch food without disturbing the cooking process stay-cool bakelite handles are specially designed to provide a comfortable, secure grip and are riveted for durability contoured skillet handles have an ergonomic design and are made for pot rack storage 12-piece set includes: 1-quart saucepan with lid 2-quart saucepan with lid 5-quart casserole with lid 8 fry pan 10 fry pan with lid 3 tools (slotted spoon, slotted turner, solid spoon) Aluminum, bakelite, glass, stainless steel and nylon. Hand wash. Imported.  
Add personality to casual styles with this comfy, cotton-rich tee, boasting a a super-fun graphic. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
A soft, breathable cotton blend ups the comfort level of these Jockey brief panties.   package of 3 cotton/nylon washable imported
Every closet must have a few fun, modern graphic t-shirts and our Made for Life medallion t-shirt is clearly going to be one of your favorites. scoopneck short sleeves approx. 27 length cotton/polyester washable imported
Combine fashion with function in this warm sweater knit newsboy hat adorned with a festive pom-pom. acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
Heathered raglan tee from Arizona has a soft look (and even softer feel) that pairs perfectly with denim. crewneck raglan sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Breathtaking diamonds sparkle and shine on this stunning 2 ct. t.w. diamond engagement ring.   Metal: 14K white gold Stones: 2 ct. t.w. princess-cut diamonds Color: I Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 6.20mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The elements won’t slow you down in our midweight, water-resistant jacket, featuring a cozy faux-fur trimmed hood to keep you looking cold-weather chic. midweight water resistant faux-fur trimmed hood with drawcord 28 length from shoulder zip front zippered hand pockets shell: polyester faux fur: modacrylic/polyester washable imported
Leave them tongue-tied after one look at you in our stunning long dress with lace insets. 60 length matte jersey self: polyester/spandex contrast: cotton/nylon lining: polyester machine wash, line dry imported RETURNS:  This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
For the true coffee connoisseur, this electric grinder is a must-have for preserving flavor and aroma—making a cup of coffee that is anything but ordinary.   burr mill system avoids overheating of beans, preserving aroma and flavor choice of 17 grind settings from fine to coarse quantity selector from 2-12 cups so machine shuts off after grinding the correct amount of beans 8-ounce airtight bean hopper to keep beans fresh Stainless steel. Measures 6.29x7.87x10.47H. Imported.
Sit back and relax in your living space with this tufted ottoman featuring an open, sophisticated design.   sturdy metal frame and base brass finish round, tufted top Upholstery is 100% linen. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 40x40x17H. Imported.
This tropical polo takes carefree style to a new level of cool. point collar short sleeves screen print cotton/polyester washable imported
With built-in compression shorts for superior fit and support, you'll love our running shorts.  attached compression shorts elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets straight leg 8 inseam polyester washable imported
Our super-cute bralette boasts a comfortable cottony style and offers gentle support for your everyday activities.  jacquard band easy pull-over fit wirefree for basic comfort cotton/spandex washable imported  
Featuring cozy fleece construction and thinsulate insulation, these high-visibility gloves are sure to be your go to pair for outdoor activities. elastic cuff for expert fit grippers on palms shell: polyester palm grippers: polyester/polyurethane washable imported
Add style to your bedroom décor with our coverlet and bedding set, featuring an asymmetrical floral pattern to create a contemporary look with a seafoam blue background to add a touch of color to your bedroom's palette. The coordinating decorative pillow features a geometric print in brown, blue and white hues to pull the look together. The 180-thread count cotton sheet set features a blue and white print to complete the look. floral pattern on the coverlet geometric print on the decorative pillow coverlet, shams and decorative pillows: polyester with cotton/other fill sheets: 100% cotton twin: 68x86 full: 78x86 queen: 90x90 king/cal. king: 104x92 coverlet, shams and bedding: washable decorative pillows: spot clean imported 6-piece twin set includes: 1 coverlet 1 sham 1 flat sheet 1 fitted sheet 1 pillowcase 1 decorative pillow 8-piece full, queen, king set includes: 1 coverlet 2 shams 1 flat sheet 1 fitted sheet 2 pillowcases 1 decorative pillow Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin, full and queen sets include standard sham(s) and pillowcase(s). King and cal. king sets include king shams and pillowcases. For best results, launder in a large-capacity front-loading washer and dryer. If the set doesn't have free movement in the washer and dryer, a large-capacity commercial washer and dryer are recommended.
These support hose help smooth your silhouette while providing the finishing touch to your elegant attire.     nylon/lycra elastane machine wash, drip dry
Make your summer wardrobe complete with a pair of our slim-fit, raw-hem Bermuda shorts. 5-pocket styling 9 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Our denim shorts feature embroidered details and raw hems for a cool distressed look. button and zip fly 5-pocket styling embroidered details mid rise 2½ inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
The perfect blend of playful and pretty, our sleeveless maxi dress features a feminine keyhole and fun colorblock print. keyhole halterneck sleeveless back button 53½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex polyester lining dry clean imported
Our short-sleeve tee and pants pajama set offer fresh and fun sleeptime style you'll love. top has scoop neckline
Our capris are the ultimate in casual dressing with a relaxed fit and comfortable stretchy fabric. relaxed fit midrise straight leg zip fly with button closure 22 length 2 front pockets 2 back pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
Pop up some family fun with this countertop kettle popcorn machine that's perfect for parties, movie nights and media rooms. It features a large stainless steel kettle with a built-in stirring system for plenty of delicious popcorn that's made with ease.    makes 1-2 quarts per batch  includes kernel measuring cup and oil measuring spoon easy to clean in red or black Popcorn kit, sold separately, includes: 16-ounce all-natural soft-shelled popping corn 10½-ounce butter-flavored popcorn oil three 0.9-ounce jars of seasonings: nacho cheddar, white cheddar and ranch
true GE® Dishwasher with Front Controls Introducing GE®'s most advanced wash system designed to consistently clean and dry dishes, featuring 65% more wash power delivered to each rack. Relish the quiet efficiency of GE®'s two pump system that minimizes noise while running with this high performing dishwasher that sits flush to your cabinets for a seamless feel. ENERGY STAR® qualified 51 dBA with status light on door chrome accent control panel with 2/4/8-hour Delay Start  4-pass wash and dry element evenly heats water for washing and air for drying two dedicated bottle jets integrated into the upper rack clean hard-to-reach areas inside tall items two-pump system provides excellent wash performance with reduced sound wash zones allow you to clean half-loads in either the upper or lower rack dedicated silverware jets focus on silverware baskets in multiple locations Piranha™ hard food disposer with removable filter Steam PreWash loosens tough soils before any cycle SpaceMaker® silverware basket can be placed on the rack or onto the door auto sensing cycle adjusts to soil level to maximize energy savings and ensure clean dishes sanitize option (NSF residential) reduces 99.999% of bacteria found on dishes adjustable heights makes installation over built-up floors simple 
A superior blend of fashion and function for any bathroom, this bath rug is super absorbent and fade resistant. slip resistant absorbs water, dries quickly fade resistant non-skid latex backing 16x24; 18x30 polyester washable imported
Cruise to your own beat in these feel-good shorts. flat front slim fit button and zip closures 5 pockets 11 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
This inspirational men's dog tag pendant features a two-tone design with The Lord's Prayer in Spanish, thoughtfully placed on the face with a cross design.  Metal: Stainless steel Metal Color: Two-tone Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 24 curb chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Extend your food storage time with these vacuum-sealed bags that lock in freshness, flavor and nutrients. great for food and non-food use air removal channels allow maximum freshness simmer or microwave food right in bag great for marinating in minutes 2-ply; 3mm thick pack of 100 11.5x16.75x2.25H plastic imported
Twisting hypoallergenic silver-tone metal ropes around these hoop earrings for a shining complement to your style.  Metal: Silver-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: 1.25x1.25  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Finish off your look with this nautical stretch bracelet, featuring red, blue and white beads and charms.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Multicolor beads Dimension: 0.75x7.5″   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.      
This elegant decorative pillow completes your bedding with its intricate beaded accents and solid taupe back. tonal color with cream embroidery bead detail and 1/4 flange trim removable cover and invisible zip closure 18x18 coordinating accessories sold separately cotton/polyester; polyester fill spot clean imported
This all-boy football tee is a winning addition to any casual lineup. crewneck short sleeves gray: cotton/polyester other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
Metal: Sterling silver Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Go casual or dress up in this short-sleeve woven stripe shirt in soft, easy-care cotton. button front 100% cotton washable imported
Stay comfortable in the sun or water all day with the VaporPLUS quick-drying fabric of our swim trunks.  UPF 50+ protection relaxed fit mesh liner Veclro® fly with string closure inside key pocket side seam pockets 10 inseam polyester machine wash, hang dry imported
Rest easy with these silky-smooth, 300 thread-count Liquid Cotton sheets. Engineered with the finest 100% cotton Pima yarns, these sumptous sheets have the sheen of silk and are ready to give you your best night's sleep yet. made with extra-fine yarn for an incredibly smooth feel soft 300 thread-count Pima cotton with the feel and sheen of silk great moisture absorbency due to extra-long-staple cotton Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase(s) Twin set includes one standard pillowcase. Full and Queen sets include two standard pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets include two king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases are sold separately. Cotton. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75 (fits mattresses up to 14 deep); pillowcase  is21x30 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75 (fits mattresses up to 16 deep); pillowcases are 21x30 Queen: flat sheet is 90x108; fitted sheet is 60x80 (fits mattresses up to 17 deep); pillowcases are 21x30 King: flat sheet is 108x108; fitted sheet is 78x80 (fits mattresses up to 17 deep); pillowcases are 21x40 Cal. King: flat sheet is 108x108; fitted sheet is 78x80 (fits mattresses up to 17 deep); pillowcases are 21x40
Softened by its luxurious fiber-filled back and fashionable tapered feet, this track-arm leather sofa sectional features clean, rectangular styling elements and a handsome finish that stands out in any space.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery premium elastic webbing cushions filled with polyurethane foam and a bonded polyester comfort layer chip-resistant plastic feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leather. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 114Wx88Dx35H overall with a 19 seat height, 22 seat depth and 18 seat back height. Imported. 
Blooming all season long, this flower-inspired watch freshens up any outfit. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Pink plastic Case Width: 40mm Case Thickness: 11m Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 20mm wide Model No.: JCP2742   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
true This 4.8 DOE front-load washer from GE features a built-in Rightheight™ pedestal to make loading and unloading easier and an overnight dry option to clean and dry small loads in up to 8 hours. For added convenience, you can use the top as an easy to reach folding surface to optimize space in smaller laundry rooms. ENERGY STAR® qualified 4.8 cu. ft. capacity stainless steel tub Rotary-Electronic controls for easy operation and cycle display steam assist option penetrates deep into fabric fibers, loosening stains 13 wash cycles, including: Active Wear, Basket Clean, Bulky/Bedding, Delicates/Hand Wash, NSF Allergen, NSF Sanitize, Normals/Mixed Loads, Power Clean, Rinse and Spin, Single Item, Speed Wash, Towels & Sheets, Whites 5 rinse temperatures spin speed up to 1250 RPM delay start operation up to 24 hours Preset cycles allow you to customize your soil and spin levels to provide ideal wash settings for the best results eWash option - Energy-saving option uses a cold water wash on select cycles without sacrificing performance Precision Dispense where great cleaning performance is enhanced with a dispenser that distributes fresh detergent multiple times throughout the wash overnight dry washes and dries a small load of clothes in 8 hours or less without needing to move units vibration control adjusts spin patterns for each floor type for a smoother wash Rightheight™ Built-In Pedestal lets you comfortably load and unload clothes, and use the top as a folding surface, with this factory-installed pedestal fill hoses are required for installation (sold separately) shop matching electric dryer Short on space? To stack any front-load, front-control washer & dryer pair, purchase the corresponding Stacking Kit (sold separately) and select the “Stack Front Load Laundry Units” option from the Additional Parts & Services list when you add to bag. 
The deep tufting and antique gold-tone nailheads on this gorgeous bench perfectly complement its modern, curvaceous legs. wood and MDF frame dark brown finish cushion filled with upholstery foam Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 48Wx19Dx20H. Assembly required. Made in America.
This decorative pillow adds texture and depth to your space with its basketweave design in golden yellow. delicate basketweave design in charming yellow measures 20x14 Cotton with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
These relaxed-fit cargo shorts from Arizona feature soft, durable cotton construction for all day comfort. adjustable waist 2 front side pockets and 2 side buttoned cargo pockets 2 back buttoned pockets zip fly with button closure 100% cotton washable imported  
Diagonal double rows of genuine tanzanite share the stage with single rows of white topaz to flash some serious sparkle from this tennis bracelet. Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 2.8mm genuine tanzanite and 1.5mm white topaz Closure: Box clasp Dimensions: 8 long Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Create the perfect sleeping area with this electric warming mattress pad and stay cozy all season. 10 heat settings so you can find the temperature that is just right preheat function automatic timer allows you to set the temperature and warming time for maximum comfort automatic shutoff after 10 hours to ensure safety luxurious microplush fleece fabric top digital controller with easy-to-push buttons dual controls on queen, king and cal. king sizes for individualized comfort overheat protection skirt fits mattresses up to 18 deep Polyester with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin:  39x75 Full: 54x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 78x80 Cal. King: 72x84 Don't use electric pads and electric blankets together; this could cause a hazardous situation.
Stop traffic in our sky-high ankle-strap sandals featuring soft satin fabric and shiny acrylic accents. polyester/acrylic 4¼ heel buckled strap rubber sole
This classic striped short-sleeve polo shirt features a front button placket for that sharp look. 100% cotton washable imported
What it is:A fragrance-free, gentle cleanser that effectively removes makeup, dirt, and grime, leaving skin soft and supple.What it is formulated to do:This Face Cleanser gently cleanses the skin, removing surface oils, makeup, dirt, and grimeand its whipped texture transforms into a rich cream when blended with water. It is infused with a powerful botanical antioxidant blend that works hard to block damaging free radicals. It calms redness and is pH-balanced to maintain the natural acidity of the skin. Daily use will result in fewer flare ups and reduced skin reactivity.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is appropriate for all skin types, including the most sensitive skin. It has been allergy-tested, dermatologist-recommended, and contains FAB Antioxidant Booster (white tea, licorice root, and feverfew) to combat free radicals.Suggested Usage:-Dampen the face and dispense a dime-sized portion of cleanser onto fingertips.-Delicately massage into all zones of the face.-Remove with a soft wash cloth or a splash of water.-Recommended for daily use in the morning and at night.Ingredients​-Allantoin and Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Extract: Heal and soothe.-Glycerin: Moisturizes and protects the skin.-FAB Antioxidant Booster: Combats free radicals.Water, Sodium Coloyl Isethionate, Glycerin, Stearic Acid, Aloe Barbadensis Leaf Juice, Stearyl Alcohol, Sodium PCA, White Tea Leaf Extract, Chrysanthemum Parthenium (Feverfew) Extract, Licorice Root Extract, Allantoin, Hydroxypropyl Methylcellulose, Disodium Cocoamphodiacetate, Coco-Glucoside, Glyceryl Stearate, Disodium EDTA, Caprylyl Glycol, Phenoxyethanol.
The eye-catching print on our full-length jersey knit leggings will give your casual looks a pop of personality. wide elastic waist fold-over waistband 27 inseam jersey knit cotton/elastane washable imported
Stylishly combining two types of leather with other materials, these cushioned skate shoes give him the durability and grip he needs for the park, school and home. technology injected Phylon foam midsole for lightweight comfort construction nubuck/synthetic/suede upper rubber sole details lace-up and Velcro® closure
Our Stylus oversized shirt takes a traditional shirt and gives it a huge dose of excitement with an interesting back pleat. collar long sleeves chest pocket button down back pleat approx. 29¾ length white and blue stripe: 100% cotton dubarry coral plaid: cotton/Modal® washable imported
Thanks to the Dri-FIT technology of our slim-fit cropped pants, you can stay dry and comfortable during all your workouts. mid rise adjustable waistband Dri-FIT technology wicks away sweat 18 inseam polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
He'll love the feel of our soft cotton Henley tee and shorts set, which coordinates beautifully for a great outfit. includes Henley tee and shorts y-neck 3-button placket short sleeves left chest embroidery button fly 2 side pockets and 2 back pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Add shimmer to her every step with this cute sandals and their distinctive, shiny straps. synthetic upper rubber sole
Our bermuda shorts are long on style and versatility. Team them up with casual or not-so-casual separates to get a sleek, modern look.  relaxed fit straight leg mid rise 4 pockets 11 inseam cotton/spandex stretch twill washable imported
Transform your backyard patio into a personal oasis to relax and rejuvenate in our seating with coffee table combination. powder-coated steel frame black finish with tile tabletop weather-resistant polyester cushions included steel/polyester/tile/plastic assembly required; 4mm hex key wrench needed wipe clean imported 4-piece set includes: 2 chairs: each 39.91x26.4x32.31H bench: 31.32x49.45x32.31H table: 41.37x29.16x18.32H
Make relaxation your destination in this easy-going, 100% cotton tee from No Bad Days. taped crewneck with cord loop short sleeves front and back prints 100% cotton washable imported
Streaky, marled-look yarns give our relaxed-fit French terry hooded jacket an updated look. front zip side pockets 27 length cotton/polyester washable imported
From tempting and heart-healthy fruit and veggie juices to yummy soups and even baby food, this powerful juicer helps you create nutritious options for your family every day.   multiple speeds for juice, soups and salsa make gourmet juice cocktails, sauces, baby food, sorbet and more in minutes 3-inch tube accepts whole fruits and vegetables pulp cup lets you adjust desired level of pulp stainless steel super-fine filter 700W. Measures 15.6x13x8.1H. Detachable parts are dishwasher safe; wipe base clean with a damp cloth. Imported. 
This durable cast iron base is a great decorative accent that completes any outdoor umbrella patio set.   durable cast iron construction easy to maintain beautifully designed base works with most outdoor umbrellas Cast iron. Wipe clean with damp cloth. Measures 17.7x17.7x13H. Imported. Note: Product cannot be shipped to FPO/APO addresses or PO Boxes.
Find your cool-weather comfort zone in these track pants from Nike, featuring the sweat-wicking power of Dri-FIT and ankle zippers that make on-the-go changes a breeze. Dri-FIT fabric helps keep you dry and comfortable elastic waist with drawcord ankle hem zippers for easy on-off mesh pocket bags for ventilation reflective details remain visible even in low light polyester washable imported  
Complete her look with our draped cardigan featuring a fun sharkbite hem. open neckline 3/4 sleeves sharkbite hem polyester/rayon washable imported
With mystifying sparkle, 6mm black cubic zirconia studs lend a sense of edgy sophistication to your style. Set in stainless steel and black ionic plating, these earrings are perfectly versatile for all of your favorite looks. Metal: Stainless steel and black ionic plating (IP) Stones: 6mm round black cubic zirconia Setting: Prong Closure: Friction Dimensions: 7.9x12.7mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Hit the streets in style with our bold short-sleeve tee. crewneck short sleeves polyester/cotton/rayon washable made in America
Turn your bedroom into a beautiful modern space with our geometric Tiles bedding set.  pretty geometric patter fitted sheets fit mattresses up to 12 deep coordinating accessories sold separately polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester sham, bed skirt and sheet set washable twin comforter: 66x86 full comforter: 76x86 queen comforter: 88x92 king comforter: 101x92 imported   6-piece twin set includes: comforter sham flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase bed skirt with 14 drop   8-piece full, queen and king sets include: comforter 2 shams flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases bed skirt with 14 drop Twin, full, and queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams.
These Super 100 wool suit pants offer a smooth finish in a great-draping classic fit. wrinkle resistant big and tall fit zip fly slant front pockets back, button-through welt pockets flat front hemmed shell: wool lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Add a pop of color to any room with this decorative pillow wrapped in bright pink and green stripes.   knife-edge finish measures 16x16 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
You’ll love how our Quick-Dri polo feels when you first put it on and at the end of the day.  spread collar 3-button placket short sleeves side slits cotton/polyester washable imported
This long-sleeve athletic tee is a colorful addition to any activewear wardrobe. crewneck long sleeves polyester washable imported
These basketball inspired shoes feature a suede leather upper and durable rubber sole, so you can wear them on the court or with your favorite jeans.   construction suede leather upper rubber sole details lace-up entry classic blucher toe construction for great look and fit supportive formstripe non marking rubber sole for traction and durability
true For a cleaning machine that meets all of your family's needs, look to GE's 4.5 DOE front-load washer with steam assist to penetrate stains and help loosen dirt from fabric fibers and let the easy-to-use features simplify the way you live. ENERGY STAR® qualified 4.5 cu. ft. capacity stainless steel tilt wash basket Rotary-Electronic controls for easy operation and cycle display steam assist option penetrates deep into fabric fibers, loosening stains My Cycle allows you to create your favorite wash settings for your specific clothes-care needs stain removal guide cleans five of the most common stains with preprogrammed settings  12 wash cycles, including: Active Wear, Basket Clean, Bulky/Bedding, Delicates/Hand Wash, NSF Allergen, NSF Sanitize, Normals/Mixed Loads, Power Clean, Rinse and Spin, Speed Wash, Towels & Sheets, Whites 5 rinse temperatures spin speed up to 1250 RPM delay start operation up to 24 hours internal water heater increases wash temperature to reduce bacteria and provide better cleaning  Precision Dispense where great cleaning performance is enhanced with a dispenser that distributes fresh detergent multiple times throughout the wash Power Clean lets you effectively clean heavily soiled fabrics with this cycle that uses a built-in soak time, extended wash times and more vigorous wash action Sanitize Cycle for that feel of comfort knowing clothes are sanitized* and 99.9% of bacteria has been removed thanks to an internal water heater that boosts the water temperature*Certified by NSF Protocol P172 Allergen Cycle removes up to 99% of pet dander and dust mite allergens* with this cleaning cycle that reaches 131°F *Meets NSF Protocol P351 vibration control adjusts spin patterns for each floor type for a smoother wash stackable design provides all-in-one vertical look, maximizing floor space (sold separately) fill hoses are required for installation (sold separately) Note: In order for pedestals to be installed they must be purchased and delivered with the corresponding washer and dryer.shop matching electric dryer or gas dryer Short on space? To stack any front-load, front-control washer & dryer pair, purchase the corresponding Stacking Kit (sold separately) and select the “Stack Front Load Laundry Units” option from the Additional Parts & Services list when you add to bag. 
Our Columbia shorts pack a lot of punch in a small package—featuring moisture-wicking fabric, UPF protection and an adjustable waistband for maximum comfort. quick dry moisture wicking UPF 50+ protection elastic adjustable waistband interior mesh brief 2 front pockets 1 zip-closed security pocket 8 inseam shorts: nylon poplin mesh lining: polyester washable imported
Our tee features elbow sleeves and an oversized style that looks great paired with skinny jeans and leggings. roundneck elbow sleeves 25½ -27 length cotton/modal washable imported
What it is:A nourishing and protecting oil treatment for all hair types. What it is formulated to do:This Moisturizing Hair Oil restores the hair's natural lipid film without altering the artificial dye pigments. Lavender oil is the ultimate treatment for color-treated and over processed hair, or hair that’s been damaged by environmental factors such as sun, sea, wind, or the pool. The formula contains 97.7 percent natural oilslavender, wheat germ, oil, and palmto completely restore the hair's elasticity while vitamin E treats the scalp. Unlike other oils, it protects the shine and density of hair color because it penetrates gently inside the shaft of colored hair without removing artificial pigments. The balm texture of this oil can be applied to targeted areas on the edges of the hair or its tips and it can also be warmed, making it liquid for a more generous application. Complete with SPF 6 sun protection, it delivers beautiful shine leaves hair silky-soft.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is free of mineral oils. Suggested Usage:-As a protective treatment: apply a small amount of oil before bathing or sun exposure.-As an intensive pre-treatment conditioner: before using the Cleansing Cream with Lemon or the Wheat Germ Shampoo, apply the oil throughout your hair, on ends and along your hairline. Leave on for one hour to overnight. The lavender oil has soothing properties which promote a good night’s sleep.-Before your hair salon appointment: apply a small amount of oil throughout your hair, on ends and along your hairline. This will nourish and prepare your hair for coloring or styling.-To style: apply with your fingertips after blow-drying. This will give your hair a modern definition while moisturizing it, and will protect it from UV rays. -To redefine curly hair: after shampooing, apply a small quantity evenly throughout wet (not towel-dried) hair. Then towel dry, untangle, and blow-dry using a diffuser, or simply air-dry without combing or brushing.Precautions:-Avoid getting the product into the eyes.Size:5.1 ozIngredients:-Lavender Oil: Restructures and redefines.-Wheat Germ Oil: Restores.-Olive Oil: Nourishes.Elaeis Guineensis (Palm) Oil, Linoleamidopropyl Dimethylamine Dimer Dilinoleate, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Oil, Olea Europaea (Olive) Oil Unsaponifiables, Triticum Vulgare (Wheat) Germ Oil, Ethylhexyl Methoxycinnamate, Tocopheryl Acetate, Limonene, Linalool, Bht.
Comfort and classic style merge and make your day like a walk in the park in our pull-on pants.  flat front back elastic side pockets plus: 30 inseam plus short: 27 ½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Embroidered pockets and a braided belt update these easy-match Bermuda shorts.   braided belt zip fly with button closure embroidered pockets finished hems 9 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported 
What it is:A portable stick that glides onto skin for a fresh, natural, pore-perfect look.What it is formulated to do: Pore Vanishing Stick blurs the look of pores, creates an even skintone, and minimizes shine and oilsans mess or fuss. The dual-action, convenient stick contains a tinted inner core to help assure the formula is universal for all skintones, and is surrounded by an outer ring that shuts down shine with oil-absorbing powders. Use it alone for a naturally flawless look, or apply it either under or over your makeup for a velvety smooth finish. What else you need to know:This fragrance-free product is specifically designed for clients with visible pores and combination to oily skin. It’s perfect for anyone who wants their makeup to look fresh and flawless and is designed to work with every skintone. Use Pore Vanishing Stick, then pat a drop of Skin Glowing Balm Makeup with your fingertips in a stippling motion for a soft focus finish. With daily use, this product will last approximately two months.Suggested Usage:-Gently glide the stick on clean skin or apply before your makeup in the morning. -Touch up as needed throughout the day.Size:0.24 ozIngredients: -Non-pearl Optics: Blur the look of pores without adding shine. -Oil-absorbing Powders: Control shine and oils without ever feeling heavy on the skin.
Your tiny dancer can pirouette into dreamland in this mix-match, all-cotton pajama set. includes 2 long-sleeve tops and 2 pairs of long pants pants: elastic waist, rib-knit cuffs 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
true This SteamDryer has all the features you need to make laundry day a little easier. With its flexible EasyLoad door that opens in multiple directions and the effective use of steam power, it makes even heavy loads a breeze. ENERGY STAR® qualified 7.3 cu. ft. ultra large capacity NeveRust™ Stainless Steel drum is built to last with its durable design that's big enough to fit a king size comforter and full set of bedding in a single load 12 dry programs including: Cotton/Normal, Perm. Press/Casual, Heavy Duty, Small Load, Bulky/Bedding, Anti-Bacterial, Towels, Delicates, SteamFresh™, Wrinkle Free SmartDiagnosis™ feature helps the service center diagnose problems over the phone or smartphone app Lo Decibel™ Quiet Operation minimizes dryer noise to help keep your environment peaceful FlowSense™ Duct Clogging Indicator lets you know when it's time to clean the ducts shop matching washer
With a flattering fit and fabric with a hint of stretch, these cargo training pants will keep you comfortable and feeling confident. back elastic waist with interior drawstring 5-pockets regular fit straight leg side slits approx. 33½ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Beat the heat in style with these comfortable and breathable shorts that you can wear out on the town or around the house. regular fit 10 inseam front zipper and button closure flat front 4-pocket styling 100% cotton washable imported
Utility and comfort come together in this highly functional faux leather seat that converts into a relaxing chaise. solid steel chrome-finish legs hardwood frame contemporary faux leather upholstery simply fold down the back to turn into chaise convenient side pouch for storing small items hidden support leg overall: 35Wx35Dx33H seat measures 15Hx22D with a 22 seat back height assembly required; tools included polyurethane; polyurethane foam fill wipe clean with damp cloth imported
A wardrobe classic gets a clean-lined look with the knit construction of our wide-leg culottes that easily complement your effortless style. regular fit mid rise straight leg elastic waistband 30 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Dial-in your workday style with our layered high-low sweater to match your laid-back yet effortless look. crewneck ribbed knit neck and cuffs approx. 25-27 length rayon/nylon lining: polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Embrace the prairie style in this easy-wearing peasant dress with off-the-shoulder option. ¾ sleeves elastic band in waist approx. 44 length from shoulder polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Take your style to the next level with our versatile a.n.a® jogger pants that go from fitness to fabulous. elastic and faux drawstring waistband zippered pockets approx. 28 inseam black marled body: 100% cotton black marled waistband and cuffs: cotton/polyester light grey: cotton/polyester washable imported
This classic Persian-style area rug features a gorgeous antique-washed cream color, ideal for bedrooms or living rooms. durable machine-made construction long-lasting polypropylene fibers Latex® backing ½ overall pile height for indoor use rug pad recommended spot clean imported Signature Design by Ashley® is a registered trademark of Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.
The faux-leather of our Worthington trench coat pairs with the short length to make one really remarkable and kicky wardrobe winner. collar long sleeves back pleat approx. 24½ length polyester/rayon/spandex lining: polyester washable imported
Bright and cheerful flowers come to life on these indoor/outdoor rugs, turning your living area into a stylish oasis.   space-dyed fibers mold and mildew resistant hand-hooked construction highly durable polyester ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton/latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: No Care Instructions: Rinse with hose Use: Indoor or outdoor Origin: Imported  
Your little dinosaur will feel right at home in our comfortable, cotton, dino-printed pajamas. ●        includes long-sleeve shirt, short-sleeve shirt and 2 pants●        allover print●        100% cotton●        washable●        imported For child’s safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Let your accessories bring the drama to your look, like this ruffled-edge wide belt with bold silver-tone interlock buckle. 3 wide polyester/polyurethane spot clean imported
Our cotton blouse features pompom lace at the neckline and ladder lace trim at the front for a look that's full of feminine style. scoopneck sleeveless pompom lace at neckline ladder lace trim at front 29-30¼ length 100% cotton washable imported
Get ready for the comfort of the weekend in our ready-for-anything Alfred Dunner pants. elastic waistband 28 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Offering a warm, natural glow in any room it’s showcased, this candle holder is a rustic accent that’s sure to make an impression. includes 3 metal candle holders and 3 sugar mold unscented wax candles can be engraved with a custom line (24-character maximum) preceding a date and location (40-character maximum) wood/iron/wax 9.1x3x4.8H imported
The perfect pair for your office look—our polished jacket dress goes bold with large blocks of color. 43 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Switch from black to brown with this useful reversible belt, perfect for formal and casual wear. Made with 100% leather materials, this has the quality and style you count on.   leather 1¼ wide spot clean imported Note: For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size  
This classic portfolio has a zippered closure is sure to leave a lasting impression. It has a handy outside pocket and the detailed interior includes a solar calculator, card pocket, file pocket, pen loop and ruled writing tablet. It makes a perfect corporate gift, and is ideal for travel and business meetings, solar calculator contemporary design zipper closure outside pocket card pocket file pocket pen loop ruled writing tablet faux leather wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 13½x10½x1 imported
The perfect blend of sophisticated comfort, our short-sleeve floral top is likely to become an everyday favorite. crewneck short sleeves approx. 23¼-26¾ length cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
A customer favorite for its fashionable design, durability and extensive collection of matching products, our square table cover features our heavyweight Gardelle™ woven polyester fabric and special water-repellent and resistant undercoating.   • fits square patio tables and 4 standard chairs• Gardelle fabric system features an elegant fabric top with a protective water-repellent and resistant laminated backing and a protective dark splash guard skirt• air vents reduce inside condensation and wind lofting• padded handles for easy fitting and removal• elastic hem cord with 2 toggles allows adjustment for a tight and custom fit• click-close straps close over the legs to secure your cover on windy daysincludes furniture cover and storage bag• measures 66(L)x66(W)x23H• woven polyester with laminated backing• clean with a soft brush and lukewarm water; do not use soap or detergent as it may remove protective coatings●    imported   Measure your furniture based on the illustrations.Select a cover that's slightly larger in length (L) and width (W), length (L) and depth (D) or diameter (DIA) than your furniture.The height of your cover has not been designed to completely cover legs or wheels.  
Amp up your breezy beach-day looks with the fabulous details and flirty silhouette of our pushup midkini swim top. adjustable straps fully lined molded underwire cups nylon/spandex washable imported
Casual comfort's easy to achieve with our slub jersey knit scoopneck graphic T-shirt. cotton/polyester washable imported misses: approx. 26⅛ - 27¾ front length petite: approx. 25 - 26½ front length
A timesaver in a bottle—this conditioner will cut your drying time in half! The silk proteins help reduce drying time, eliminate frizz, smooth, soften and fortify your hair's overall strength. It also delivers weightless body and volume, creating a light fullness. gives you touchable shine relieves tangles protects against the harshest of heat products free of gluten, paraben and sulfate Made in America. How to use: Apply generously through hair. Leave in for 2-5 minutes. Rinse. For deep conditioning: Apply a palm-sized amount all over hair and comb through. Wrap with plastic and a damp, warm towel and leave under heat for 3-5 minutes. Rinse with warm water and follow with a cool-water rinse, if desired. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.  
Featuring destructed detail and a raw edge hem, this slim-cut skirt is the perfect addition to your warm-weather wardrobe. slim fit zip fly with button closure approx. 17½-20½ length cotton/spandex washable imported
The Comfort Revolution wirefree bra by Bali features foam cups for beautiful curves and an easy sizing system that makes finding your perfect fit simple.   stretch fabric that flexes to fit comfort-U™ design simplified sizing system makes finding your size easy foam cups for shaping nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #3488
Lead the race in style with our Reebok Royal CL Jogger.   suede leather/mesh upper low-cut design for increased mobility lightweight cushioning removable sockliner EVA mid sole rubber outsole
Made of a sturdy chromed steel construction, this 3-tier shoe tree can handle up to an incredible 18 pairs of shoes. revolving baskets for easy access space-saving design only uses 1 sq. ft. weighted, stable metal/cement base 11.25x11.25x37H assembly required; tools included wipe clean with damp cloth imported
Take your formal outfit to the next level with our paisley prom set. includes matching vest, pre-tied bow tie and pocket square 4-button front faux pockets polyester spot clean imported
Add ladylike style to your look with this clutch featuring a unique pattern and design. crossbody chain strap, 24 drop side handle, ¾ drop top zip closure synthetic; synthetic lining exterior slip pocket 2 interior slip pockets and zip pocket 7Hx11Wx2¼D imported
Stay cute and comfortable with our overbelly bermuda jeans featuring a trendy destructive design. belly band rolled cuff midrise 9.5 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
This sleek and attractive bathroom scale features an extra wide platform to allow for a wider, more natural stance and a large display for easy to read measurements.   plastic and glass measures up to 400 pounds (180 kg) in 0.2 pound (0.1 kg) increments large, high-contrast digital display instant-on technology display hold feature automatic shut-off feature tempered safety glass platform 4 AAA Batteries included 14¼x9½x1H imported
This remarkable steam mop features a continuous steam-generating system that distributes steam across the entire pad surface for fewer smears and streaks. pivoting triangular head helps with hard-to-reach places continuous steam water level indicator easy-fill reservoir 18' power cord includes 2 microfiber pads, funnel and fill cup AC current plastic/metal 12x9x42H; 3 pounds assembly required imported
With chic chevron pattern, our short-sleeve layered shirt is sure to become an easy favorite. crewneck short sleeves 25 length polyester washable imported
This scooter skirt will turn her into a cute little prepster with its classic pleats and belted waist.   pleated belt with square buckle polyester twill washable imported
Get a sleek, long look with our comfortable shorts, with plenty of pockets for all your things.  relaxed fit with slight taper zip-and-button closure with belt 2 front pockets and 2 back pockets 4 cargo pockets 15 inseam cotton/nylon washable imported
Go bold or go home with these fun pointed-toe pumps. synthetic upper 4¼ heel rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Make a great impression without any fuss in these premium khakis from Haggar, featuring a smooth, no-iron fabric and hidden expandable waist that expands up to 3. no-iron fabric classic fit hidden expandable waist expands up to 3 zip fly with button closure front side-seam pockets back button-through welt pockets flat front straight leg hemmed cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Store your spices in style and keep them within easy reach while saving valuable counter space with this revolving spice rack. It includes 16 jars pre-filled with premium spices clearly marked for easy identification.   each jar is filled, sealed and tamper-proofed in America glass bottles keep spices on display each cap is clearly labeled for easy identification includes free spice refills for 5 years Plastic rack with glass jars. Measures 9x9x9H. Jars and lids are washable; wipe rack clean.  
These all-purpose goblets will serve your favorite beverage or even a decorative display of berries and cream. The color in the glass will not fade or peel. glass dishwasher safe set of four 16-oz. goblets imported
Dropped shoulders and side slits give our generously roomy open-front cardigan look-enhancing appeal. ribbed trim approx. 29 - 32 length jersey knit cotton/viscose/nylon machine wash, dry flat imported
Rest colorfully in these great-looking cotton pajama shorts, featuring a woven construction designed to get softer with each wash. classic, non-binding fit button fly flat front side-seam pockets 100% cotton washable imported
This captivating wood bench features a rich finish topped off with elegant button-tufted detailing and beautiful upholstery. hardwood and plywood frame high-density foam filling polyester spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. 45Wx19Dx18H imported
You deserve a pair of pants as tough and stylish as you are, and with a comfortable fit, they're perfect for everyday wear.   midweight denim industrial utility styling sits just below waist loose fit through seat and thighs front and back pockets side ruler pocket hammer loop straight leg, 19 5/8 opening zip fly with button closure cotton washable made in Mexico 
Featuring a sleeveless lace dress and a matching jacket, our 3/4-sleeve jacket dress by R&M Richards is the picture of elegance and style. includes 3/4-sleeve jacket and sleeveless dress jacket: 17¾ length dress: 58 length from shoulder squareneck back zip lined polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Combining cottage styling with old-world craftsmanship, this rectangular dining set gives your dining room the feel of an English countryside—with a touch of Americana.   solid wood construction antique white matte finish finger-joint and tongue-and-grove joinery chairs feature rayon/polyester/cotton seats with an ivory diamond pattern table includes two 18 leaf extensions 7-piece set includes: dining table 2 armchairs 4 side chairs Wipe table clean with a damp cloth; spot clean chairs. Imported. Table: 73Wx44Dx30H without leaves; measures 109Wx44Dx30H with leaves Each armchair: 25Wx24Dx42H with a 23 seat height Each side chair: 22Wx24Dx42H with a 23 seat height
Intricate braided detailing outlines this two-tone gold wedding band for textural appeal.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K white and yellow gold Width: 8mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Hit the streets with our comfy pull-on shorts that are perfect for your active lifestyle. elastic waist with drawstring relaxed fit 4 inseam polyester washable imported
These faux suede pet stairs will help your dog or cat navigate furniture and other hard-to-reach places with ease.   durable faux suede construction attractive, versatile color ideal for senior, arthritic or recovering pets Faux suede. Measures 24x16x20H. Made in America.
A little elegance goes a long way with this cultured freshwater pearl bracelet.   Metal: Sterling silver Pearl Type: Cultured freshwater pearls Pearl Color: White Pearl Sizes: 4-4.5mm and 8-9mm Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 7½” Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our sleeveless print dress features a darling front bow, perfect for a special date night. highneck sleeveless front buttons and bow-tie 34 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
What it is:An easy-to-use, color reviving gel formula that boosts tone and adds shine to color-treated hair. What it is formulated to do: Color Reviving Gloss helps refresh color-treated hair. The shades are designed to either add warmth or neutralize brassiness to keep your color the way you want it. Each tube contains two full applications for shoulder-length hair, and each application lasts six to eight washes. It’s longer lasting than temporary formulations and doesn’t require an activator and mixing like most semi-permanent colors.What else you need to know:This product is gluten-free.Suggested Usage:-Leave hair dry.-Brush to remove styling products. -Apply to roots and massage down to ends. -Set timer for 35 minutes. -Rinse until water runs clear. -Wash hair. Precautions:-Keep out of reach of children. -Avoid contact with eyes. Rinse eyes immediately if product comes into contact with them. -Do not use product if scalp shows abrasions, scratches, or any other abnormal condition.-This product contains ingredients which may cause skin irritation on certain individuals and a preliminary test according to accompanying directions should first be made. -This product must not be used for dyeing eyelashes or eyebrows. To do so may cause blindness. -Skin sensitivity test: wash a small area inside of the elbow with soap and water and pat dry. Apply some product on the area. Do not cover or disturb for 48 hours. In case of abnormal reaction, do not use. Size:4 ozIngredients: -Keratin: Replenishes protein to repair damaged hair. -Ginseng Extract: Helps hair retain moisture. -Argan Oil: Restores natural shine and leaves hair silky smooth.
Enjoy sleeveless cotton comfort in colors that bring more style to your game with this soft tee from Xersion. crewneck cotton B65 grey: cotton/polyester washable imported
Pair our polo with shorts for a casual look or tuck it into a pair of khakis for a great office outfit.  spread collar 3-button placket short sleeves side vents polyester washable imported
Classically styled to complement the look of your decor, this ottoman adds function and style to any living space.   solid hardwood frame connected with two 16-gauge cords 8½-gauge tempered steel springs cushions filled with upholstery foam removable plastic feet Upholstery is 100% polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned.  Measures 28Wx23Dx18H. Made in America. 
The classic, cool style of these boots, along with the padded collar and cushioned insole, will help you go from day to night.   synthetic upper round toe padded tongue and collar cushioned insole lace up lugged rubber sole imported
It's all eyes on you when you take our silver-tone metallic tube skirt out for a spin. flat front 28 length nylon/polyester/metallic fibers/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
This Circulon Momentum deep skillet combines durable performance with superior nonstick technology and dishwasher-safe cleaning convenience. TOTAL Nonstick System features top-quality PFOA-free, metal-utensil safe Autograph® nonstick on raised circles for exceptional food release and effortless cleanup heavy-gauge, hard-anodized aluminum construction distributes heat beautifully to reduce hot spots that can burn food shatter-resistant glass lid allows monitoring of cooking process without heat or moisture loss silicone-enhanced stainless steel handle is dual riveted for durability and provides a comfortable, confident hand grip suitable for all stovetops except induction oven safe up to 400ºF   Aluminum with stainless steel/silicone handle. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Add a little something special to your nighttime wardrobe with our luxe lace chemise. nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Our Nike Benassi slide sandals blend innovative stitchless construction with the ultra-soft comfort of Solarsoft foam for maximum comfort and style. technology Solarsoft foam provides durable traction and stability Nike Fuse technology construction synthetic upper rubber sole details seamless construction for comfort built-in grooves on the midsole offer optimal drainage and airflow flex grooves on the sole provide a more natural range of motion
Make every day a perfect 10 hair day with this firm hold gel that also provides bounce and body. won't leave hair sticky or stiff can be used on wet or dry hair non-flaking free of gluten, paraben and sulfate Made in America. How to use: Apply a dime-sized amount evenly through hair. Air dry or style as desired. Dampen hair to reactivate gel. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to four of any one item, up to a maximum of six items, per customer, per month.  
The perfect gift for anyone who likes to entertain, this slate tray makes for a beautiful display, especially after labeling what gourmet foods you’re serving.   food-safe slate construction includes chalk for labeling hemp rope handles allow for easy transport engraved with a single block initial Slate board with soapstone chalk and hemp rope. Measures 15½x12L. Hand wash. Imported.
With three-rows of delicate black chains and eye-catching crystals, this illusion necklace is sure to be your new go-to piece.   Metal: Black metalStones: CrystalsClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 17 long illusion chain with 3 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These classic bootcut jeans are an easy-match addition to the weekly lineup. adjustable button hole and elasticized waist zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Lightweight step stool is just the right height to reach kitchen items on the top shelf.   mini stool with two steps spring-loaded safety lock non-skid rubber step pads and vinyl feet convenient carrying handle 225-lb. weight limit folds flat to 1¼ for easy storage Steel. 17 to top step. Imported.
An edgy graphic on all-cotton construction gives this Vans tee that casual day cool factor. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton heather grays and burg. heather: cotton/polyester washable imported
Casualwear gets a glam upgrade in these strappy sandals, which can easily be dressed up or down for a comfy yet chic look.   synthetic upper rhinestone accents elastic heel strap rubber sole imported 
Camo goes bright in this green strap watch featuring all the details you need to stay on track. Brand: Armitron Dial Color: Gray Strap: Green resin Clasp: Buckle Movement: Digital Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 48mm Case Thickness: 13mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7.75 long; 22.3 wide Model No.: 40/8278CGN Special Features: Alarm, calendar, chronograph, dual/military time Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Style away and take comfort in knowing your look will last throughout the day with a spray of this protectant.   firm styling hold and thermal protection great for blowouts and creating waves with lasting hold Made in America. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month. 
Deck yourself out with the spectacular, art deco styling of these long, tassel earrings featuring large, starburst details.   Metal: Brass Back: Wire Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Sparkling drops of diamond accents and lab-creates white sapphires in these sterling silver earrings make you shine. Metal: Sterling silverStones: 4mm cushion-cut lab-created white sapphire
Classic white socks keep her feet cool and comfortable in breathable cotton. cotton washable imported
Red Kap packs a lot of performance into this modern-fit raglan tee, from the moisture-wicking mesh fabric to the double-stitched seams. moisture wicking retains color snag, stain and wrinkle resistant modern fit double-stitched DuraSeams mesh fabric allows for greater ventilation underarm gussets for greater range of motion crewneck tag-free neck short sleeves polyester washable imported
This sparkly flower bib statement necklace gives you the right amount of style for day to night outfit wear. Metal: Silver-tone metalClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 18 long adjustable chainJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Ballet bears doll cradle holds your baby's baby.   can be personalized up with to 12 characters in pink includes comforter, pillow and pad holds up to 19 doll, not included 21.25x12.87x11.61H WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD - small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
Have your own delicious fish fry with up to 80 of your friends and family at one time when you have this outdoor fryer from Laguna Grills. solid stainless steel construction impressive 5-gallon capacity unique heating element ensures consistent 325-345°F oil below element collects food particles at 98°F to prevent burning and waste includes: 2 stainless steel baskets, CSA approved hose and regulator simply add your own propane source 36x33x46H; weighs 64 lbs. drain oil before cleaning with soap and water; hand wash baskets imported
What it is:A mud-to-oil, gentle, deep cleansing treatment that removes the weekly buildup of dirt, oil, and makeup. What it is formulated to do:Revolutionize your cleansing routine with POWERMUD™ mud-to-oil Dualcleanse Treatment. Indulge in a multisensory cleansing experience, uniting the power of mud and the power of oil to achieve amplified deep cleansing, yet gentle results. Goodbye weekly builduphello super clean, velvety skin. It features OILIXER™, which is a custom blended complex of four powerful, rare, non-greasy, and fast-absorbing deep cleansing oils. CLAYTOX™ is a carefully balanced four-clay blend specifically developed to provide an ultragentle skin detoxification for a maximum yet delicate cleanse. And PUREIFIER™ is a complex mix of cleansers, astringents, and exfoliators, working in synergy to dramatically purify and condition the skin. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesSuggested Usage:-Apply an even thin layer to clean, dry skin. -Leave on five to 10 minutes, allowing to dry. -For removal, apply water and use circular motions to transform into a Cleansing Oil Treatment. -Use once or twice a week. Precautions:-Avoid direct contact with eyes. If product touches eye, rinse with water. -For external use only. Ingredients​ -OILIXER™: Consists of prickly pear oil, pine oil, frankincense oil, and myrrh oil; hand harvested from cactus fruit, tree sap resin, and tree pine needle to enrich and deliver potent nourishing cleansing ingredients. -CLAYTOX™: A four-clay blend featuring rare Brazilian white clay; provides an ultragentle skin detoxification action for a maximum yet delicate cleanse. -PUREIFIER™: Dramatically purifies and conditions the skin. -Teaoxi Velvet Leaf: Nourishes while providing maximum cleansing benefits.Water, Bentonite, Glycerin, Hamamelis Virginiana (Witch Hazel) Water, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Kaolin, Calcium Carbonate, Squalane, Pyrus Malus (Apple) Fruit Extract, Methyl Gluceth-20, Montmorillonite, Niacinamide, Xanthan Gum, Verbascum Thapsus Leaf Extract, Chamomilla Recutita (Matricaria) Flower/Leaf Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Extract, Sapindus Mukurossi Peel Extract, Verbascum Thapsus Extract, Plankton Extract, Boswellia Carterli Oil, Commiphora Myrrha Oil, Pinus Sylvestris Leaf Oil, Opuntia Ficus-Indica Seed Oil, Oryza Sativa (Rice) Powder, Panthenol, Allantoin, Tocopheryl Acetate, Hexylene Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Ascorbyl Glucoside, Caprylyl Glycol, Urea, Yeast Amino Acids, Betaine, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Leuconostoc/Radish Root Ferment Filtrate, Disodium Edta, Inositol, Taurine, Trehalose, Hydroxyphenyl Propamidobenzoic Acid, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Limonene, Methylisothiazolinone, Phenoxyethanol, Fragrance, Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891).
With a flattering side ruching and a fun stripe design, our sleeveless shift dress is the perfect pick from work to weekend. scoopneck sleeveless 37 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
This lush, vibrant dinnerware makes a splash on your table with its seashore-inspired palette and border of seashells, starfish and sand dollars.   durable stoneware construction reactive glazed finish perfect for entertaining and everyday dining microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 11 dinner plates four 8½ salad plates four 9 bowls four 14-ounce mugs  Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Twirl, strut and work every room with our double-buckled platform sandals. synthetic upper adjustable buckles 1 platform for comfortable wear synthetic sole  
Give your buttoned-up look a softer edge with our ultra-comfortable brushed twill plaid shirt. shirt collar button front chest pocket rounded hem scarlet red, racing blue, bold emerald, cheerful pink: 100% cotton light heather gray, aruba blue, dubarry coral: cotton/other fibers washable imported
Our Warner's bra features Cooling Comfort™ fabric and Chill FX™ moisture-wicking technology, so you can keep cool all day long while also staying supported with wirefree comfort.  full-coverage cups to prevent spillover adjustable straps that convert to criss-cross Cooling Comfort fabric Chill FX moisture-wicking technology T-shirt bra nylon/polyester/elastane hand wash, line dry imported
Built for comfort, these athletic-inspired work shoes keep you comfortable and protected throughout your work day. construction leather upper nylon mesh lining rubber sole details lace up sturdy composite toe
Your athletic style will show through in this raglan tee featuring a large Nike swoosh logo and gray sleeves. crewneck 100% cotton washable imported
Stunning blue diamonds are surrounded by a border of white diamonds on these traditional and elegant stud earrings.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 1/3 ct. t.w. white and color-enhanced blue round diamonds Back: Friction Dimensions: 5mm Some diamonds may be treated and require special care
This handy rice cooker and steamer lets you cook white and brown rice and steam foods easily.   simple operation makes this the easiest way to cook rice digital features in a smaller capacity compact size and locking lid allows you to use it for easy serving white rice, brown rice, steamer and 15-hour delay timer functions includes rice paddle and instruction book cool touch stainless steel finish 500 watts. Measures 10x9.5x9.63H. Weighs 4.35 pounds. Wipe exterior clean; all removable parts and accessories are dishwasher safe. Imported.  
With her favorite cat on the dial, this watch will help her keep track of time with its easy-read digital format. A colorful pink strap finishes its fun look.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Pink plastic Bracelet Dimensions: 210mm long; 15mm long Model No.: HKKD5998CT   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add a flash of sporty style to his lightning fast speed with these cool athletic shorts. elastic waist polyester washable imported
Hypoallergenic and nickel free, this easy-to-wear curb chain necklace goes from casual to classic in an instant. Crafted from 14K yellow gold that's gone through a patented hardening process, this necklace is exceptionally durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking. It will also maintain its consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Made in Italy.   Metal: 14K yellow goldClosure: FishhookDimensions: 22 long hollow curb chainThickness: .7mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Head to the gym or another favorite activity with all your essentials in one convenient stylish carryall with our Arsenal large sport bag, featuring adjustable, padded shoulder straps and a spacious compartment.  softside 1 interior compartment plastic handle nylon zipper outer shell: polyester inner lining: polyester 14x4x18.5H; 2 pounds imported
The Easy Care sheet set offers a perfect balance between easy care and an inviting, ultra-smooth feel. Get these sheets for every bed in the house! 300-thread count, cotton-rich/polyester blend for easy care and durability for today's lifestyle percale weave for a cool and crisp feel 60% cotton / 40% polyester fitted sheet has all-around elastic for a secure fit  twin and twin XL fitted sheets fit mattresses up to 15 deep full, queen, king and cal. king fitted sheets fit mattresses up to 17 deep Set includes: fitted sheet flat sheet pillowcase(s) Twin set includes one standard/queen pillowcase. Full and Queen sets include two standard/queen pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets include two king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases sold separately.   Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 21x32 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 21x32 Queen: flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 21x32 King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 21x40 Cal. King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 72x84; pillowcases are 21x40
Energize your work out in our Nike v-neck t-shirt for a flowing, non-restrictive, sweat-wicking fitness friend. v-neck short sleeves Dri-FIT approx. 31½ inseam cotton/polyester washable imported
Designed for active lifestyles, this sport watch displays information in an easy-to-read digital format and secures on your wrist with a hook-and-loop strap. Strap: Nylon Clasp: Hook and loop Case Width: 34mm Case Thickness: 13mm Bracelet Dimensions: 200mm long; 20mm wide Model No.: FMDJA102 Special Features: Stopwatch; date display; alarm; backlight Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our satchel bag features a sleek design, double handles, plenty of pockets and comes with a wallet to keep you organized. double handles, 11.5 drop zip closure vinyl 1 back slip with magnetic snap closure and 1 front zip exterior pocket triple compartment with center zip closure, 1 zip and 2 slip interior pockets comes with a wallet 7.5x12x4.5D imported
This 4-piece delicate blue seed bead and silver-tone anklet and toe ring set is what dreams are made of Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Blue seed beadsAnklet Dimensions: 9 long  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our wrinkle-resistant tablecloth is perfect for indoor and outdoor occasions. It's made with a seamless one-piece design that's simple, practical and easy. polyester washable imported
We've got your warm-weather days covered with this linen-cotton sport coat from Stafford, featuring a blended fabric that drapes well without over-wrinkling. classic fit notch lapel 2-button front slant chest pocket 2 lower flap pockets 3 interior pockets side vents linen/cotton polyester lining dry clean only imported
Our French terry vest is a softly sweet take on a cozy and classic chilly-day wardrobe essential. front zipper cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
An ultra-high heel and strappy design ensure these pointed toe pumps will be your go-to pair for dressing up. faux leather upper 4⅓ heel ankle strap pointed toe synthetic sole
These twill shorts, featuring an adjustable waist and no-wrinkle fabric, are the perfect foundation for his warm-weather style.   2 side pockets, 1 back pocket hook and bar closure cotton/polyester washable imported
Our comfy cotton skirt features a gored, flare style that will dress up any look. elastic waist gored style 30 ½ length 100% cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Fun in the sun begins with the sun protection of this cool, comfortable rash guard from Arizona. UPF 50+ protection            crewneck short sleeves polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported Husky available online only. 
These capri yoga pants add stretchy comfort to any workout routine. foldover waist cotton/spandex washable imported
Delicate lace adds feminine flair to our lace-back shrug for a polished throw-on-and-go style. 3/4 sleeves 20¼ length from shoulder hand wash, line dry made in America RETURNS: This item must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
This super soft jersey shirt and shorts pajama set has lace and ribbon accents at the neckline and a shirring detail at the neckline and shoulder for a feminine look. ½-button front short sleeves elastic waistband and self drawstring polyester washable imported
Perfect for the summertime fun, this straw tote bag features patriotic colors and trendy nautical theme. double handles with 10 drop zip top closure straw/paper anchor design with contrasting stripes interior zip pocket; exterior front accessory pocket\ 15Hx17Wx0.5D imported
You'll return to our Alfred Dunner pull-on pants again and again for the classic comfort they provide. elastic waistband 28 inseam slash pockets polyester washable imported
Engineered for speed, our lightweight athletic shoes feature a responsive experience to give you a fast ride. technology speedride offers a fast experience construction breathable synthetic/polyester upper rubber upper details lace up seamless sock construction ground contact foam with rubber deconstructed upper provides comfort
These low-cut performance socks keep you in the game with adidas climacool 360-degree ventilation technology and zoned cushioning. package of 3 pairs solid stripes with tipping for a sleek look climalite® yarns wick away moisture to keep your feet cool and dry cushioned heel and toe for added durability and comfort black/blue: polyester/cotton/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12 
true Convenient and smartly designed, this durable electric dryer lets you do laundry on your terms. Its end-of-cycle signal alerts you when the load is done so clothes can be removed before wrinkles set in. 6.8 cu. ft. 4 heat selections DuraDrum interior provides long-lasting dependability Auto Dry feature monitors air temperature to set dry times left-swing door 42 x 27 x 28 1/4
From living room to patio, these indoor/outdoor rugs feature an interconnecting pattern that warms up any space.   mold and mildew resistant woven construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Egypt 0.157 pile height; 0.25 overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Polypropylene Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Care Instructions: Spot clean Use: Indoor/outdoor Origin: Imported  
The naturally hued fabric of this dining chair is juxtaposed with antique stud detailing, giving your room a seating solution that offers the right balance of enduring design.   solid hardwood frame finger-joint joinery cushions filled with upholstery foam natural wood legs 250-pound weight capacity Upholstery is 90% polyester/10% linen. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 23Wx27Dx39H with a 20 seat height. Imported.
Your casual style stands strong in our one-of-a-kind knee-high riding boots, boasting attention-grabbing red zipper accents and a functioning inside zipper for ease of entry. Also available in wide calf. faux-leather upper 1 block heel 16 shaft height regular calf: 15 shaft circumference wide calf: 17 shaft circumference side zip round toe fabric lining slightly padded footbed rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
Get your little princess is the water with this one-piece swimsuit featuring a graphic print of her favorite Disney Princesses and a pretty blooming flower on the waist.   swimsuit: polyester/elastane lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Levi's® 517™ bootcut jeans offer you the fit you want from the brand you trust.   sits below waist classic slim fit through seat and thigh bootcut leg, 18¼ opening indigo flex: 65% cotton/35% polyester other colors: 100% cotton washable made in USA of imported and domestic fabric, imported, or imported of domestic fabric
Give your casual style a more modern look in these soft and stretchy slim-fit chinos from Haggar. wrinkle resistant slim fit through seat and thigh rigid waistband 2 front off-seam pockets 2 back single-welt pockets zip front with button closure flat front ink: cotton/recycled polyester all other colors: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
For easygoing style from work to weekend, you'll love our sleeveless popover blouse by Liz Claiborne. v-neck sleeveless approx. 30½-31¾ length polyester washable imported 
Finishing a tough practice or game in style will be no sweat in our v-neck tee.   v-neck short sleeves front print cotton/polyester laser pink/shamrock: polyester washable imported
Alternating stripes of rich, earthy tones of this runner rug create a beautiful base for your favorite indoor or outdoor furniture.   part of the Montego rug collection textural effects give this classic style added dimension designed for indoor or outdoor use easy-care, flat weave construction mold and mildew resistant Polypropylene. Measures 2'3x7'6. Spot clean with cold water; use soap on stubborn stains; line dry. Rug pad recommended for indoor use. Imported. 
Whether for the office or for a night out with the ladies, our sleeveless sheath dress is the perfect mix of classy and elegant. v-neck sleeveless invisible back zip 39 length from shoulder lined polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Three large sparkling 1¼ ct. t.w. diamonds glitter on top of this 14K white gold ring. Made in America.  Metal: 14K white goldStones: 1 ct. t.w. round diamondsClarity: I1Setting: ProngGallery Height: 5.3mm  Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Over leggings or alone, our Arizona belted dress is a pretty look that takes you wherever you want to go in style. bell sleeves approx. 37 length from shoulder rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Featuring a fun and flirty tassel, a mint colored stone framed in a crystal halo suspends from a double chain to create our extra-long pendant necklace. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Mint acrylic stoneOther Stones: Clear crystalsClosure: Lobster claspDimension: 27 long adjustable chainPendant Size: ¾x¾ Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Keep cash safe in this little creature's paws with this adorable coin pouch. top zip closure polyester
When there's something strange going on with your style, who you gonna call? Ghostbusters gets your look back on track with a comfortable graphic tee.   crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported 
Soft and warm, our 1/4-zip pullover in cozy brushed fleece will be your first choice for casual weekend comfort. mock neck approx. 28 - 29¼ length micro polar fleece polyester washable imported
Frequent travelers, take stock of this worry-free sport watch with atomic timekeeping that updates the time and date in 48 cities around the world. It also uses solar technology, so no battery or daily winding is required. Brand: Casio Dial Color: Black Strap: Black resin Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 200m Case Width: 46.3mm Case Thickness: 15.3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 26mm wide Model No.: GWM530A-1 Special Features: Shock-resistant structure; powered by light (natural and artificial) for a free and limitless power supply; radio-controlled atomic accuracy; stopwatch; EL backlight; 48-city world time; countdown timer Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Dressed up or laid-back, our stretch-cotton ankle pants can pull off whatever look you’re going for. flat front straight leg zip fly with hook-and-bar closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back welt pockets cotton/spandex washable imported misses: 27 inseam petite: 24½ inseam
Shimmering from all angles, this infinity pendant necklace boasts 1/7 ct. t.w. diamonds and a 10K two-tone gold setting. A unique hinged setting allows the center stone to pivot within its frame, creating the effect of dancing light. The slightest movement brings these vibrant stones to life. Perfect for an anniversary, birthday or any special occasion.Metal: 10K yellow and white goldStones: 1/7 ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: I-JClarity: I2-I3Setting: Prong and pavéClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long rope chainPendant Size: 7.3x18.1mm longDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
With its classic style and spacious design, this satchel makes the ideal additional to every woman's closet. double top handles, 10 drop top zip closure leather exterior flap pocket and zip pocket 2 interior slip pockets and zip pocket 10¾Hx15Wx4D imported
Frilly lace and pockets make this fun dress a must-have for your closet selection on a date night or exciting day out with friends. squareneck back zipper closure spaghetti straps 26.5 length from shoulder nylon; polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Our soft, Modal-blend crewneck tee is an everyday essential that easily dresses up or down for 7-day-a-week versatility.   approx. 28⅝ - 30⅝ length jersey knit cotton/Modal®/spandex washable imported  
The tall shaft on these boots covers more of your legs, keeping you warmer in the elements. construction water-resistant nylon, synthetic, and leather upper rubber sole details 9” shaft acrylic fur lining round toe lace up Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size. 
Add spice to your wardrobe and share your love of Star Wars by wearing officially licensed Boba Fett cuff links, money clip and tie bar. officially licensed rhodium-plated base metal imported
Add a punch of panache to your wardrobe with our sleek leather loafers. leather upper double side gore slip on rubber sole
Feel confident in our curvy-fit ankle pants thanks to the comfortable, stretch-knit fabric and front waistband. curvy fit slim leg short: 25 inseam average: 27 inseam long: 29 inseam zip fly with hook-and-bar closure 2 front slash pockets 2 back welt pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
Delivering a trend-right layered look without all the work, this IZOD top takes classroom style to the next level. v-neck with mock collared top short sleeves knit over woven cotton/polyester washable imported
Get back to basics with these functional and versatile skinny ankle pants. zip fly with button closure 27 inseam cotton/spandex washabl imported
Featuring distinctive straps with shiny beaded accents, our gladiator sandals add dramatic flair to her favorite outfits. polyurethane upper with rhinestones thermoplastic rubber sole
The Ridgeline colorblock jacket meshes bonded fleece with nylon for a lightweight layer that keeps the wind and chill in check. stand collar zip front long sleeves zip chest pocket handwarmer pockets elastic cuffs shell and pocket bags: polyester woven piecing: nylon washable imported
This houndstooth flannel shirt proves that what’s good for the sport coat is great for the everyday woven, offering a layer of classic warmth in colors that won’t fade. yarn dyed for consistent, lasting color classic fit button-down collar button front left chest pocket box pleat back long sleeves adjustable button cuffs rounded hem cotton washable imported
Metal: Sterling silverDimensions: 6mm balls; .64x1.1 drop earrings  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Let her beauty bloom in this eyelet dress and knit cardigan set that’s as sweet as she is.   includes dress and cardigan dress: sleeveless, ribbon with flower detail, zip-back closure cardigan: short sleeves, button closure dress: 100% cotton; polyester lining cardigan: cotton/polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Our strappy flat sandals give you that neutral summer shoe you want to wear with everything.     polyurethane upper slip on rubber sole
Refresh the look of your bedroom with the floral design on this daybed cover set that takes inspiration from hillside flowerscapes featuring bouquets of lilacs and cabbage roses with an English style. pre-washed cotton is soft to the touch daybed cover and shams are finished with scalloped edges 5-piece set includes: daybed cover 3 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Cotton daybed cover with polyester fill; cotton shams and bedskirt. Washable. Imported. daybed cover is 105x54; shams are 26x21; bedskirt is 39x75
Inspired by romance, this bridal ring set is a symbol of your future together. A gorgeous marquise-shaped center of round stones is enhanced by more diamonds flowing down the shanks. Underneath lies a lab-created blue sapphire to serve as your “something blue.” The coordinating wedding band makes it the perfect pair.   Metal: Rhodium-plated Platinaire® (a blend of sterling silver and 5% platinum) Stones: ½ ct. t.w. round diamonds Other Stone: 1.5mm round lab-created blue sapphire Diamond Color: I-J Diamond Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong, pavé and bezel Dimensions: 20.96x9.6mm Gallery Height: 26mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Alluring v-wire styling gives our print bandeau swim top modern appeal. removable cups tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Sophisticated styling has never been easier when you don our polished sheath dress featuring a contrasting bodice and skirt. roundneck side zipper approx. 36⅜ - 40⅞ length from shoulder polyester bodice rayon/nylon/spandex skirt lined machine wash, dry flat imported
Our tee features a chest pocket and a classic Marvel graphic print for a cool casual look. roundneck short sleeves pocket at left chest 21¾ length cotton/polyester washable imported
With a soft, layered drape effect, our sleeveless twist top creates effortless style with any skirt or pants you pair with it. roundneck sleeveless 23½-25½ length knit: rayon/spandex woven: polyester washable imported
Created exclusively for the Philips Airfryer (sold separately), the double-layer rack maximizes the cooking surface and includes skewers to make vegetable or meat kabobs. plated steel construction double-layer accessory for more versatile recipes allows you to cook flatter foods Steel. Measures 71x7.1x3H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
true Get the power you need to cook your favorite dishes with this microwave oven from LG. The EasyClean interior makes cleaning up accidental messes a breeze, while a number of convenient settings ensure you'll spend less time waiting and more time enjoying your favorite foods. 1.8 cu. ft. capacity is perfect for heating a variety of dishes with ease 1000 watts deliver thorough cooking results 2 power levels (hi/low) hidden 3-speed, 300 CFM venting system removes smoke, steam and odors from your cooktop to help enhance air quality in your kitchen with a great look touchpad display features handy one-touch settings let you cook or warm a variety of foods with one touch for easy cooking LED display provides enhanced energy savings EasyClean® interior lets you enjoy fast, high-performance cleaning inside and out without using chemicals 12.6 turntable bi-level cooking rack for added flexiblity auto, time and rapid defrost provide added flexibility for thawing foods from the fridge or freezer humidity-sensing technology determines when food is cooked and automatically turns off the appliance to prevent over- or under-cooking child lock setting enables you to deactivate the keypad, preventing the oven from being accidentally started cooktop lighting provides illumination above the range for added convenience 29x8x14
Create a sweet, inviting environment in your bedroom with this coverlet set featuring subtle stripes and a embroidered leaf print.   white background on front solid blue back easy care queen size has 2 vines, king size has 3 vines 6-piece set includes: coverlet 2 shams 3 decorative pillows Queen set includes standard shams. King set includes king shams. Polyester coverlet and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Queen: coverlet is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 18x12, 16x16 and 18x18 King: coverlet is 104x94; shams are 36x20; decorative pillows are 18x12, 16x16 and 18x18
Stay warm and loose during a workout in our Tapout compression pants, with a zipper leg so you can put them on and take them off quickly.  elastic waistband with drawstring sits at waist zipper leg hem polyester washable imported
Arizona skinny jeans combine today's sleek look with tough durability to keep up with all his adventures.   adjustable waist  cotton washable imported
This attractive men’s ring touts a two-tone finish with a band of brushed white gold in the center, flanked by highly polished yellow gold.   Metal: 10K white and yellow gold Width: 6mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Fun and funky, this heart-shaped headboard is an addition to the bedroom that your child is sure to love. solid MDF frame filled with upholstery foam easily attaches to twin size bed rails Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 41Wx2Dx54H. Imported.
Sporty meets stylish in this fitted racerback tank top, which features a dropped-back hem for increased coverage. scoopneck polyester/rayon/cotton washable imported
A classic paisley print in contrasting brown and blue gives this coverlet set a timeless look that's accented with coordinating print accessories for a rich, full new look. chocolate brown with baby blue and ivory colored paisley brown border on coverlet and shams decorative pillows feature embroidery, tucking and pleating details 6-piece sets include: coverlet 2 shams 3 decorative pillows Full/Queen sets include standard shams. King/Cal. King sets include king shams. Polyester coverlet with cotton, polyester, rayon and olefin fill; polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams. Washable; spot clean pillows. Imported. Full/Queen: coverlet is 90x90; shams are 26x20; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16 and 18x12 King/Cal. King: coverlet is 104x94; shams are 36x20; decorative pillows are 18x18, 16x16 and 18x12 For best results, launder in a large-capacity front-loading washer and dryer. If the coverlet doesn't have free movement in the washer and dryer, a large-capacity commercial washer and dryer are recommended.
Help her look like the queen of cute with this Minnie Mouse accessory set.   includes 2 hair clips, earrings, necklace, ring and purse 2 bow hair clips: one clip has glitter detail, polka dots and faceted pink heart jewel; the second clip has metallic print pink hearts and faceted pink heart jewel hair clips: faux diamond and pink jewels; polyester/nylon/ABS/acrylic earrings: faux diamond and pink jewels; ABS/acrylic/iron necklace: pink and silver beads, heart-shaped Minnie cameo; acrylic/ABS/nylon/iron ring: heart-shaped Minnie cameo; ABS/acrylic purse: sequin clutch with shoulder strap, 3D bow with glitter detail, snap closure, heart-shaped Minnie cameo; polyurethane/polyester/ABS/acrylic coordinates with Pink Minnie roleplay collection packaging features inside box that slides out like a drawer, outside piece can be used as a tote bag; 8.5x3x13.25 assembled wipe clean imported WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD – small parts. Not for children under 3 years.
This midweight t-shirt from Hanes features ultra-soft cotton for superior comfort you'll reach for everyday.   all-day comfortable fit longer stay-tucked length tagless midweight ComfortSoft® cotton fabric cotton washable imported
As versatile as they are stylish, these lace-up shoes are an effortless way to complete your look for casual days. construction textile upper rubber sole details lace up
Our basic v-neck tee gets an appealing update in mesh polyester. Keep it sporty on its own or add accessories to this versatile favorite. v-neck short sleeves polyester washable imported
These Dockers® Signature slim-fit flat-front pants take a more modern path to business casual style.   Individual Fit® waistband is an invisible extra inch that offers a greater level of comfort and an individually-precise fit ColorBond® technology reduces fading (black and midnight only) after numerous home washings Spot Lifter™ makes pants specially-finished to release stains and maintain a clean look up to 30 washes treated to eliminate the need for ironing  slim fit sits slightly below waist straight fit through hips, slim through thighs with straight legs soft, microsanded fabric stays comfortable all day double-welt, button-through back pockets hemmed wells a black stripe and storm heather: cotton/polyester smith steelheand: cotton washable imported
Watch your six! Our Jurassic World tee is fun and action-packed with a graphic print of dino-awesomeness for your inner raptor trainer. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
This counter-height bistro table set is a comfortable and handsome addition to your eat-in kitchen, breakfast nook or game room.   espresso finish beige microsuede seat fabric backless stools coordinates with the Tiburon dining collection Set includes: 4 stools: each 16x16x24H Table: 36x36x36H Rubberwood/polyester/cotton. Measures 18x21¾x41½H; 25 seat height.  Ready to assemble; tools included. Imported.
Supremely comfortable and classically styled, our kiltie tasseled leather dress shoes with cushioning technology are a must-have staple for your business wardrobe.   genuine leather upper hidden elastic gore for easy slip-on fit moc toe comfort gel footbed for added comfort flexible rubber sole  
Add spice to your wardrobe and share your love of Star Wars by wearing officially licensed Darth Vader action cuff links. officially licensed rhodium-plated base metal imported
Add expressive style to any room with this rug featuring paisley patterns, flourishing flowers, dreamy damask and magical medallion designs. hand-woven construction 100% cotton crafted in India ⅓ pile height measures 27x45 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: None Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean or professionally clean Origin: Imported  
Keep them off balance in these breezy, sweat-wicking basketball shorts with colorblock top and iconic triple striping on one side. moisture-wicking technology sits at waist elastic waist with drawstring side pockets sits at or below the knee polyester washable imported
Our Ambrielle nightshirt has a soft, lightweight fabrication that makes it a downtime dream. roundneck cap sleeves rayon/spandex washable imported 
Full of femininity with a lace fabric and above-the-knee cut, our babydoll dress will become one of your favorites. ●    scoopneck●    sleeveless●    back zipper and behind-the-neck tie●    34 length from shoulder●    lined●    cotton/nylon/rayon●    machine wash, dry flat●    imported  
Your side dishes will taste even more delicious on our rectangular platters with a modern shape and a beautiful style. fired at a high temperature to develop a hard, glass-like surface that is impermeable to moisture, odors and colors chip resistant dishwasher safe 2-piece set includes: 14x9¼  platter 12x8 platter
  Whether you're walking the track or strength training, the easy comfort of our semi-fit pants lets you focus on your workout.   credit card pocket at waistband 32 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported 
Ensure your kids get a good night's sleep with this blackout curtain panel featuring an energy-efficient foam backing. Its textured weave creates a subtle wave effect.   innovative Thermaback™ construction employs foam to achieve light and noise reduction blocks out over 99% of outside light and reduces unwanted noise for an optimal sleep environment helps save on home heating and cooling costs by keeping warm air in during the winter and the cool air in during the summer white backing rod-pocket styling for simple installation Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 2½ in diameter. Polyester with polyester backing. Washable. Imported.  
Our leggings feature a foldover elastic waistband for a comfortable fit and a colorful allover print that will look great paired with tunics or worn to the gym.  foldover elastic waistband allover print jersey cotton/spandex washable imported
Cutlery tray holds kitchen items such as serving spoons and spatulas as well as standard flatware.     6 compartments low-profile depth fits in most standard drawers durable construction for long-lasting use gray/silver finish also great for organizing office supplies Steel. Measures 16x11¼x2H. Imported.  
A cool Disney graphic print and racerback give our tank top a classic warm-weather look. scoopneck racerback jersey 23.5 length cotton/polyester washable imported
This expansive, three-stone ring has an eclectic style.   Metal: Silver-plated brass Stones: Mother-of-pearl and green aventurine Gallery Height: .12   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A classic silhouette and picturesque print enliven your workweek wardrobe with our print knit maxi skirt. polyester/elastane machine wash, line dry imported
Lightweight and colorful, this tropical-inspired memory foam lounger is perfect for relaxing at the beach or poolside. polyester outer cover with a memory foam insert large storage pocket attached chair ties Polyester. Measures 24x75. Hand wash. Imported.
Our premium Arizona slub tee has the textured style you love in a fabric that’s ultra-soft to the touch. A chest pocket and modern scoopneck complete the look. unique slub yarns are specially knit for added softness and texture scoopneck short sleeves left chest patch pocket electric blue and black: polyester/rayon/cotton black nep, grey nep, purple nep: cotton/polyester washable imported
Incredibly unique and versatile, our sheer floral pumps feature a sophisticated style that can be worn either out casually or at work. technology Memory Foam under sock lining construction durable synthetic/fabric upper ABS painted heel details sheer floral embroidered design 2 ¾ heel height
Moisture absorption technology, mechanical stretch properties and UPF 50+ sun protection give these tech cargo shorts the boost to make them better than the rest. zip fly with button closure 6-pocket styling straight leg mid rise 10 inseam polyester washable imported
Dress to impress with our hand-finished leather wingtip boots by Stafford.   full-grain leather upper 6 shaft full-length leather-padded sock lining lace up flexible two-tone rubber sole Note: This style tends to run large so order half a size down.
Sport the greatest look in the galaxy with this Star Wars-themed graphic tee. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported  
Veratile and fun, lace-up flat sandals are equally great from casual days to cool nights.  synthetic upper lace-up straps synthetic lining rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND
A brilliant reminder of your faith, this crystal cross ring is depicted in the popular horizontal trend.   Metal: Silver-tone brass Stones: Crystals Dimensions: 9.57x19.33mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Stay toasty warm while turning down the thermostat with this snuggly soft throw. With microfleece on one side and Sherpa on the other, you'll have twice the ultra-soft comfort. microfleece reverses to Sherpa for two kinds of cozy comfort 4 heat settings for individualized comfort automatic shutoff after 4 hours for safety and peace of mind 8' cord measures 50x60 Polyester. Washable. Imported. 
This acoustic guitar has a beautiful crescent moon inlaid in mother-of-pearl. A specially designed neck profile insures a comfortable playing experience, making this the perfect guitar for students. crescent moon logo inlaid in mother-of-pearl fun to play Luna-slim profile neck wood/metal alloy 43x18x6 imported
This canvas wall art features a pastoral scene with bare trees and a red barn painted with the Bennington flag. This museum-quality print and gallery-wrapped canvas has an ultra-violet light protected coating to keep it from fading.   canvas/wood/metal UV-coated finish 1½ wooden (MDF) stretcher bars mounting hardware included 16x20 made in America
Increase your style options in this checked dress shirt from Collection by Michael Strahan, featuring a soft cotton fabric that stretches for comfort. only at JCPenney mechanical stretch fabric (woven to stretch without spandex) spread collar button front long sleeves side pleat back adjustable button cuffs rounded hem 100% cotton washable imported
Our sporty open-back Synergy Elite Glam shoes by Skechers feature durable leather and a comfortable memory foam footbed, making them the perfect pair for the girl on the go.   technology Flex Elite midsole for lightweight shock absorption construction leather upper rubber sole details 1 built-in heel slip on memory foam insole padded collar and tongue perforated front and side panels for cooling
Stretch poplin knit enhances our classic-fit utility shorts with added comfort and style. zip with hook and bar closure  4 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
These durable dress pants will keep you looking your best, even after long days of work or travel.   Endurance no-iron finish superior wrinkle recovery permanent crease polyester washable imported
Perfect on its own or layered with his favorite tee, this button-front shirt is a crisp addition to any laid-back style. point collar short sleeves poplin fabric 1 chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
For fitness or relaxing, our a.n.a jogger pants have the fit and feel you want. elastic waistband 31 inseam rayon washable imported
Rest and relax in all-cotton comfort with these plaid woven pajama pants from Van Heusen. big and tall fit sits at waist elastic waist with matching drawstring hidden button fly side-seam pockets flat front hemmed cotton washable imported
Enjoy a stress-free space with this rug that's decorated in delectable desserts that'll satiate your sweet tooth. printed construction durable polyester ¼ pile height; ¾ overall thickness measures 30x18 Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: Yes Fire Retardant: No Rug Backing: Rubber Rug Pad Needed: No, the rubber backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Imported
For on-the-job comfort throughout the day, go with a high-performance work tee in all the colors you need.   relaxed fit moisture wicking tagless for comfort taped neck, shoulder seams for longer wear larger chest pocket 6-oz. cotton jersey knit washable imported more sizes: regular, big, tall
These jeans are a sleek alternative to the classic fit with a skinny profile that keeps you on the cutting edge. A bit of spandex in the mix ensures that you move in comfort. sits low on waist extra-slim fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling skinny leg cotton/spandex washable imported
Hit the beach in our sandals, featuring a lace-up style and ankle straps for the perfect warm-weather look. synthetic upper lace up ankle straps open toe rubber sole
Our Stafford wrinkle-free oxford dress shirt is a perennial classic that matches equally well with everything from denim to dress trousers. wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering button-down collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked more sizes: regular, athletic, big, extra tall cotton/polyester washable imported
Our tee features a fun graphic print and v-neck for a cool, casual look.  v-neck short sleeves rayon/spandex washable imported
Head to the gym in our capris, featuring an elastic waist and allover print for a comfy athletic look.  elastic waist with drawcord polyester/spandex washable imported
What it is:A non-irritating, redness-reducing facial mask. What it is formulated to do:The effects of sun, wind, and dehydration can accumulate, and your skin needs extra help to break the cycle. This rich treatment maskwith hypsizygus ulmarius, cordyceps, and reishi mushrooms along with ginger, holy basil, and turmericrushes relief to challenged skin to rapidly soothe signs of compromise. Chinese black bamboo leaf extract, celebrated for centuries as a symbol of eternal youth, quells and calms visible redness and reactivity. And a unique blend of marine algae and moisture-replenishing plant extracts helps revitalize and restore luminosity to stressed skin while rebuilding a protective barrier to help avoid future flare-ups. Great for all skin types, skin is left calm and comforted. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know:Aging is not simply the passage of time marked by line and wrinkles. Irritation silently simmering with skin’s surface may be invisibly aging your skin faster than the candles on your birthday cake. Origins collaborated with Dr. Andrew Weil to create these clinically proven formulas. They rapidly help calm, soothe, and defend skin against visible signs of aging. The result: visible aging slowed. Now that’s a relief. Research results:Clinically proven to visibly reduce redness. After 1 use: - 92% of those tested agreed it helps uncomfortable, dry skin feel better - 84% of women said it provides comforting care to skin - 82% rated it extremely effective in hydrating their skin Suggested Usage:-Use twice per week.-Use as a part of your mega-mushroom regimen.Size:0.34 ozIngredients: -Sea Buckthorn: Contains anti-inflammatory properties. -Mega-Mushrooms Chaga and Reishi: Contain anti-inflammatory properties. -Cordyceps: Support natural cellular energy.
Display your faith in your own style with this cross dog tag made of two-tone stainless steel.   Metal: Stainless steel and gold ionic plating (IP) Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 22 bead chain Pendant Size: 22x39mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A focal point in any small space, this slim curio cabinet shows off your favorite collection with shimmering flair. sturdy hardwood and metal frame sparkling platinum finish doweled, glued and butt-and-mitered-joint joinery 3 adjustable glass shelves; 1 fixed shelf each shelf has a 25-pound capacity 2 curved front-opening glass doors high/low halogen lighting and mirrored back brighten up displayed items glides help prevent surface damage Measures 22Wx12Dx72H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
Infuse feminine charm into downtime with this comfy nightshirt from Adonna. roundneck short sleeves 37 long cotton/polyester washable imported 
Put a little glam in your shoe collection with these slip-on flats. They have a jeweled cluster on the pointed toe for an extra-chic look. synthetic upper flat heel jeweled embellishments synthetic sole
This patio sofa or loveseat cover is perfect for urban dwellers or anyone with a smaller deck for weather-resistant protection for your outdoor furniture. lightweight, water-resistant material drawstring hem ensures tight, custom-like fit tie-downs offer secure cover in any weather space-saving attached storage bag included covered vents reduce moisture buildup convenient handles for easy removal neutral color tone matches outdoor space small fits sofas/loveseats up to 58(L)x32.5(D)x31H durable woven polyester with laminated PVC + TiO2 backing clean with soft brush and water imported Measure your furniture based on the illustrations.Select a cover that’s slightly larger in length (L) and width (W), length (L) and depth (D) or diameter (DIA).The height of the cover has not been designed to completely cover the legs or wheels.
Your aspiring hero will love going to school carrying books and supplies in our cool Spider-Man backpack.  top padded loop handle adjustable straps full zip closure 2 main compartments 2 mesh side pockets polyester 16x12x5D wipe clean imported
An engraved item like this bi-fold wallet, always adds a distinguished quality to your ensemble. This handsome accessory features a simple, yet roomy design for your valuables.   genuine leather 9 credit card/license slots 2 large compartment for bills plaque allows for 3 characters of engraving at no charge imported  
Hard anodized for exceptional durability, this nonstick cookware set will work just as hard as you do. twice as hard as stainless steel for unsurpassed heat distribution and durability unique belly shape provides enhanced heat and moisture circulation tempered glass lids have stainless steel rims and allow you to monitor cooking without losing moisture or flavor silicone handles are double riveted for durability and stay cool to the touch impact-bonded 18/0 stainless steel bases are suitable for use on induction, gas, ceramic top and electric ranges metal utensil safe nonstick coating withstands the rigors of passionate cooks oven safe to 350ºF 11-piece set includes: 1½-quart saucepan with lid 2½-quart saucepan with lid 4-quart sauté pan with lid 8-quart stock pot with lid 8 open fry pan 10 open fry pan 18-cm. stainless steel universal steamer insert (fits 1½- and 2½-quart saucepans) Aluminum, stainless steel, glass and silicone. Dishwasher safe. Imported. 
Everyday easy gets a leg up with these comfy, pull-on cargo shorts. elastic waist with faux drawstring 2 front patch pockets 2 cargo pockets 2 faux back pockets twill construction 100% cotton washable imported
Give casual a feminine slant in our pretty handkerchief-hem maxi dress. v-neck sleeveless approx. 36⅞ length from shoulder lined bodice only rayon washable imported
What it is: An innovative set with four versatile nail colors expertly picked to complement your specific skintoneencased in a smart quad that locks the lacquers together. What it does: Take the guesswork out of finding your most flattering, signature nail shades. Now updated with two revamped shades that are perfect for the season, Formula X The Match CLIX! lets you select and perfect nail polish colors for your skintone. Whether you're fair to light, light to medium, or medium to deep, this set delivers the perfect pink, nude, gray, and blue for you. Curated to complement both pink and yellow undertones, each shade is featured in a revolutionary CLIX! quad with a smart lid that locks all four lacquers together. Just pop out one of these portable polishes for an on-the-go mani, or store them in the case for polish picks in a snap. Each mini bottle delivers the same full-sized brush as the original Formula X lacquers, specially engineered to complement the highly pigmented formula and ensure a consistently precise, even, effortless application. Infused with Formula X's patented No Compromise formula, they feature ShineXcel™, an exclusive luminescent ingredient that enhances your nail color and overall shine for the ultimate lasting mani. This set contains: - 4 x 0.1 oz Nail Polish What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: For months, Formula X worked with Sephora pros and color experts, testing hundreds of polishes on dozens of women to identify the 24 most flattering shades for every skin tone, universally perfect for both yellow and pink undertones. Finally, it’s easy to pick the polish that perfectly complements your complexion. Choose from one of these three complexion categories to match the set of polishes to your skintone: Fair to Light Skintones: Intensity (powder pink), Invincible (warm vanilla), Extraordinary (iceberg gray), Provocative (pastel sky) Light to Medium Skintones: Alive (peach pink), Monumental (ivory gray), Gray Matter (charcoal gray), Free Spirit (cornflower blue) Medium to Deep Skintones: Power Source (hot coral), Evocative (rich mocha), Thrilling (cloud gray), Infatuated (powder blue) This set is cruelty-free and a three-free formulation.Suggested Usage: -For optimal manicure staying power, use with Formula X The System (Cleanse, Prime, and Shine) to stay polished longer with twice the shine, twice the wear. -For accelerated drying results, let nails dry 1-2 minutes, then apply Formula X Drying Spray or Drops to prevent smudging. -For easy removal, use Formula X Delete.
Get a glimmer of shine with this sterling silver ring.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Gallery Height: .04 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Subtle and sophisticated, Vines rugs will bring the serenity of nature into your home.   simple, graceful vines adorn a solid-colored background elegant sheen and soft feel of silk cut-and-loop construction gives vines and border noticeable texture Polyacrylic/viscose blend. 1/3 pile height. Professional cleaning recommended. Rug pad recommended. Imported.  
Comfort and utility combine in one sleek pair of cargo joggers that your boy is sure to love. elastic waistband zipper with pull and slide front, back and cargo pockets flat front elastic cuffs cotton/polyester washable imported
Add some slimming style to your sporty look with our tummy-control capris. 19 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Patriotic style takes a vintage turn on this pocket tank with patchwork flag-bandana design. crewneck left chest pocket cotton washable imported
It's easy to look great in all your outfits in our versatile convertible strap underwire bra, featuring feminine lace accents on the cups.   adjustable straps allow for 3 different wear options band-free underwire nylon/polyester/LYCRA® elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #9116 
Featuring adjustable straps and a mesh contrast liner, our soft-cup lace bralette is as comfortable as it is stylish. nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Carter's® silver-tone bank makes a beautiful keepsake baby gift that will be cherished forever.   silver-tone ceramic with removable rubber stopper super baby gift for both girls and boys displays four 2½x2½ photos measures 10x9x9H imported
Nike’s most versatile sports bra, the Pro Women’s sports bra is made from sweat-wicking fabric with nylon stabilizers for lightweight comfort. With a low profile and racerback design, it will let you move naturally.   medium support polyester/spandex washable imported
Updated styling with vintage appeal. The Mountain Lodge dining set features textured metals and solid hardwoods that are distressed by hand, providing a one-of-a-kind, natural centerpiece for your dining room.   solid metal and hardwood construction distressed chestnut-colored finish hammered metal details contoured seats offer extra comfort 5-piece set includes: table 4 side chairs Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported. Table: 42Wx42Dx30H Each chair: 18Wx21.25Dx34H
Make heads turn in this bold, fashionable dress that is the right amount of print paired with a brilliant red jacket. zip-back closure sleeveless dress 3/4-sleeve jacket 24 jacket length 43 dress length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Comfortable cotton and genuine metal hardware ensure a quality fit and feel for all-day play. adjustable shoulder straps functional pockets nickel-free snaps along the legs prewashed for softness 100% cotton washable imported
High-waist briefs by Cortland Intimates offer full coverage and support for a comfortable fit.   nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our textured tee features a pointelle texture and a squareneck for a unique look.  squareneck short sleeves pointelle texture 26.5 length cotton/acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
He'll love playing in our tee, featuring a colorful graphic print of Mickey Mouse with a vinyl overlay. ●    crewneck●    jersey●    cotton/polyester●    washable●    imported  
This vacuum is the ultimate suction machine that can maneuver in between, around, and under furniture easier than ever before. 2 times the dust cup capacity of the original Rocket high output LED lights on the nozzle and hand vac advanced swivel steering lightweight and portable at less than 8 lbs. quick-release foot pedal transitions from floor to ceiling on-board storage clip keeps tools handy super-long 30-ft. power cord ensures wide-range movement includes: dusting brush, flexible crevice tool, True Pet motorized brush attachment, Hard Floor Genie with microfiber pad and removable dust cup model no: HV322 plastic 9.75x11.25x31.5H wipe clean imported
Keep baby cozy with this soft, microfleece wearable blanket, featuring an inverted full-length zipper for easy on/off and diaper changes. polyester washable imported
Easy to love, this swirl pendant necklace boasts a big sparkle that’ll make her smile. Unique hinged setting allows the center stone to pivot within its frame, creating the effect of dancing light. The slightest movement brings these vibrant diamonds to life.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: ⅙ ct. t.w. princess-cut and round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Invisible and pavé Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long box chain Pendant Size: 9.85x23.5mm long   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Rugged and worn in, these slide sandals are great for a day at the beach. canvas/synthetic/neoprene/EVA/rubber imported
Classic crew socks with the best logo in sports give him a winning edge.   arch support and shock absorption reinforced heel and toe cotton/nylon/spandex washable made in America and imported
Classic winter style gets a trendy update with these boots featuring knit detail and adjustable side straps. polyester upper 11 shaft height 15 shaft circumference adjustable side buckles water-resistant outer knit detail rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
He'll love hitting the playground in our muscle tank top, featuring a comfy cotton blend fabric and a variety of fun colors to choose from. scoopneck knit cotton/polyester washable imported
Durable, braided basket handles laundry or storage tasks with ease and style.   side handles provide easy portability highly durable fibers are stain-resistant vibrant color combinations complement most indoor and outdoor home décor Yarn-dyed polypropylene. Measures 18x18x12H. Spot clean. Made in America.  
This short-sleeve graphic tee is sure to boost his athletic confidence. Because when he's comfy, there's no stopping him. crewneck short sleeves back neck tape for comfort polyester washable imported  
Attention! The Cadet bedding set will surely put you at ease with a classic camouflage pattern and all the essentials you need to create an honorable bedroom.      versatile camouflage print  coordinating abstract plaid on back includes microfiber sheet set fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 12 deep coordinating abstract plaid bedskirt 6-piece Twin set includes: comforter sham bedskirt with 14 drop flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase 8-piece Full or Queen set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 14 drop flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin, Full and Queen sets include standard sham(s) and pillowcase(s).  Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester shams and sheet set. Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter 66x86; flat 66x96; fitted 39x75; pillowcase 21x30Full: comforter 76x86; flat 81x96; fitted 54x75; each pillowcase 21x30Queen: comforter 88x92; flat 90x102; fitted 60x80; each pillowcase 21x30
What it is: A twinset eye shadow palette within a jewelry box container, filled with complimentary matte cream and prismatic, shimmer shadows coupled in a double-deck section for mesmerizing eye looks. What it does: Surratt Beauty Prismatique Eyes eye shadow sets feature cream shadow that can be blended onto lids and then dusted with a prismatic shimmering top coat for a multidimensional, glittering eye look. The top tier contains a water-proof shadow base that can be blended onto lids or used as liner. The lower deck swings out to reveal a prismatic top coat that can be swept on and blended to give eyes a celestial look. This set contains: - 0.07 oz Cream Shadow - 0.05 oz Powder Shadow What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: I like to use the Surratt Moyenne Classique Shadow brush to blend the crème into the lash line and up onto the lid, keeping the lash line rich and saturated while diffusing softly around the edges. Then, using the Surratt Moyenne Smokey Eye Brush, dust over the lid with the complimentary twinkling twin shadow.—Troy SurrattSuggested Usage: -Apply eyeshadow using a brush or your fingertip to blend and diffuse onto the lid and into the lower lash line if desired. -Use a shadow brush to apply the prismatic top coat for a dazzling bright-eyed effect.
What it is: A mask brush for precise application of your favorite mask. What it is formulated to do: This custom silicone brush features a wooden handle that allows you to easily pick up and apply any type of mask, swiping on an even, precise layer. Lightweight yet durable, the expert, silicone tip easily bends to swipe on the product. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: This Precision Mask Applicator can be used with a variety of masks, including Erborian's Pâte au Ginseng and Bamboo Waterlock.Suggested Usage: -Dip tip of brush into jar of mask, spread even layer of mask over the face, avoiding the eye area. -Rinse brush with cool water after use, and allow to air dry.Size:Ingredients:-Silicone Tip -Wooden Handle -Aluminium Ferrule
For fitness, fun or just relaxing; our Xersion capris are your go-to solution.   elastic waistband with key pocket quick dri no chafe seams compression fit 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Take party season by storm in our lovely, lacy Bisou Bisou cold-shoulder sheath dress. roundneck cold shoulder short sleeves approx. 41 length from shoulder nylon/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported  
Criss-cross straps times two dress up this tailored sandal that goes with everything.   technology Heel Rest design cradles your heel, distributing weight between it and the ball of your foot no break in required—comfy right out of the box sueded sock memory foam footbed provides plush comfort with each step shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern rubber sole twists and folds to take pressure off the foot   construction 3 heel height faux patent leather/elastic upper rubber sole   details slip on
The decorative back of this barstool adds a touch of symmetry to its wide round swivel seat, adding comfort and timeless style to your home bar or dining table.   metal and plywood construction dark black finish finger-joint and flush-joint joinery PVC seat filled with upholstery foam 275-pound weight capacity Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Assembly required. Imported. Bar-height barstool: 18Wx20Dx45H with a 30 seat height Counter-height barstool: 18Wx20Dx39H with a 24 seat height
Comfort and style blend seamlessly in this swivel barstool.   360º swivel brown cherry stain easy-to-care-for brown faux-leather seat Rubberwood solid frame/vinyl seat. Wipe clean with damp cloth. Assembly required. Imported. Bar-height barstool: 17Wx17Dx31H with a 31 seat height Counter-height barstool: 17Wx17Dx25H with a 25 seat height
Enjoy the finished look of your window with this sophisticated box pleat valance from Supreme—our most versatile drapery collection.   finely slubbed, tightly woven fabric enhanced by an elegant, subtle sheen easy-to-hang rod-pocket styling lined for an enhanced weight and feel pleat detailing along bottom hem 1 bottom hem, 1 side hem 3 rod pocket Measures 50x18L. Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Rayon/acetate with polyester lining. Dry clean. Imported.  
With breathable mesh side panels and contouring Memory Foam, this mattress is design to contour to your individually shape for the ultimate supportive sleep. soft mesh fabric topper comfort layers: 2 contouring memory foam; 2 Gel Flex engineered Latex® foam; 5 high-density support system air ventilates from the sides to maintain temperature level twin: 74x38x9H twin xl: 79x38x9H full: 74x53x9H queen: 79x59x9H king: 79x75x9H cal. king: 83x71x9H imported
Show off your flirtatious style with the sequin top of our sleeveless fit-and-flare dress. boatneck sleeveless back zip 32 1/2 length from shoulder top: sequin lace/denier skirt: chiffon fully lined polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Inspired by a fun arrow pattern, this baby bedding set will give your nursery a clean and modern look. arrow sheet patchwork blanket tailored crib skirt 3-piece set includes: blanket (36x44) crib skirt fitted crib sheet cotton/polyester washable imported
Give your princess a throne worthy of her cuteness with this comfy royal rocker. under stamp beneath seat can be personalized photo greeting card included Crown backrest with 4 x 6 photo frame ages 3 and up for up to 50lbs. measures 21x13½x24H 9.84 seat height MDF/solid wood rocker: wipe clean cushion: dry clean only assembly required imported
true With its sleek design and easy-to-access controls, this microwave oven is perfect for your everyday cooking needs. 2.1 cu. ft. total capacity 1050 Watts 10 power levels 3-speed, 400-CFM venting system removes smoke, steam and odors 6 sensor cooking controls upfront charcoal filter with indicator light lets you know when filter needs to be changed 14.25  turntable bottom control with integrated handle makes cleaning easy Chef Connect lets you choose when to sync range burners and clocks to your microwave's surface light and vent
This sturdy backpack is designed to get you through any terrain or class while keeping your supplies safe. Repelaweave and Repalagrid fabric with Taurpalite bottom for maximum protection against elements water-resistant and ripstop fabric double stitch seams nylon strap handle high-density, breathable and load-absorbing shoulder harness load stabilizing sternum strap ergonomic max load multi-compartment design; gear tech computer sleeve fits most 17 laptops dual stretch mesh hydration pockets; multi-pocket organizer; barrier zipper tricot-lined pocket for valuables TSA approved hide-away load stabilizing waist belt adjustable compression straps bottom stash straps durable water-repellent zippers ergonomic raised foam back panel with lumbar support Nylon. Measures 12x9.25x18.5H; weighs 2.3 pounds. Spot clean. Imported.  
Slip on comfort and style with versatile thong sandals that go from the beach to the city. construction synthetic upper rubber sole details beaded upper lightweight and flexible outsole memory foam footbead
Pleated detailing and a double-v neckline give our sleeveless alternative-hem dress the style and class you want.●    double v-neck●    waist tie●    back zip●    40 length from shoulder●    lined●    polyester●    washable●    imported  
Get them off to a great start with this toy drum set that features all the durability and quality they need to start on the path to stage play. perfect for early beginners and kids wood drum shells includes mounting hardware, snare stand, bass drum pedal and drum throne includes drumsticks and drum tuning key wood/metal alloy/mylar wipe clean 35x33x33H assembly required; key tool included imported 3-piece set includes: 10x16 bass drum 6x10 tom tom 5x10 snare drum
The classic look of this glider will add style and sophistication to your home or nursery décor.   traditional club chair with button tufting for extra comfort scrolled arms bring an extra element of style no-sag box spring in seat for long lasting durability reversible seat cushion 35x33½x40½ solid hardwood frame polyester spot clean some assembly required made in America 
Lined with a lace hem, this cami is a perfect way to give her casual look a step up. sleeveless tropical coral: cotton/polyester/spandex black and white: cotton/spandex washable imported  
With a locking front-swivel wheel, one-hand folding ability and carrying strap, this one-step, smooth-suspension travel system helps you get from point A to point B in a flash. Stroller: multi-position reclining seat convertible 3-or-5-point harness one-hand standing folder; no bending necessary drop-down storage basket parent's tray with storage and 2 cup holders child's tray with cup holder pivots for no-fuss entry for children up to 50 lbs. Car Seat: crash tested to meet or exceed U.S. Safety standards EPS, energy-absorbing foam liner side-impact tested 5-point harness removable infant head support 18x25x40½ partially assembled, instructions included for rear-facing infants from 4-50 lbs. polyester seat cushion aluminum frame wipe frame with soap and water imported meets CPSIA/CPSC and CARB requirements
  Grand Shapeabilities are designed for use in the Grand Calibur machine (sold separately). These are the largest triple-functioning dies that can virtually do it all: cut, emboss and stencil perfect shapes that mix and match with regular Shapeabilities. 6 templates completed box measures 1 7/8” imported
With a cut designed to provide room to move, our original-fit fashion jeans offer style without sacrificing comfort. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 100% cotton washable imported
Featuring expandable shoulders and a screen-printed slogan, this adorable bodysuit is perfect for your little one.●    short sleeves●    nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel●    100% cotton●    washable●    imported
This decorative pillow has extra softness and comfort to help turn any room into a calming place. reversible ¾ flange trim measures 18x18 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Our Possibilities fabric furniture program gives you the freedom to create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement. Simply choose your fabric, then select your pieces from the versatile collection of Possibilities sofas, chairs, chaises, corner pieces, sleepers and more.   oak and plywood frame removable and reversible foam cushions removable feet Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester/linen blend; 92% polyester/8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 59x39x36H with 20H seat. Made in America of imported materials. All colors are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance. 
A classic chronograph watch takes on a trend-right feel with a handsome, brown dial and two-tone styling. A silver-tone case and bracelet band are accented with gold-tone for a trend-right mixed-metal look. This impressive watch is powered by natural and artificial light, so you never have to worry about batteries.   Brand: Seiko® Dial Color: Brown Strap: Two-tone stainless steel Clasp: 3-fold push button Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 42.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8 1/2 long Model No.: SSC142 Special Features: Solar technology, chronograph, stopwatch, date display, brown dial Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Remind yourself of timeless love every time you look at this crystal infinity ring with matching crystal-filled band.   Metal: Silver-tone brass Stones: Crystals Dimensions: 13.92x5.19mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This dinnerware set with its Italian artisan-inspired design will bring life to any table. 16-piece dinnerware set; service for 4 dishwasher safe microwave safe crafted in Italy earthenware imported 16-pc. dinnerware set includes: four 11 dinner plates four 9 salad plates four 24-ounce bowls four 12-ounce mugs
Style takes center stage with our wonderful Bisou Bisou faux-suede jacket with funky fringe on front and back.   long sleeves drape front approx. 22¾ length polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Get just the right amount of flair with the braided trim on the front pockets of our pants. 28 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex washable imported
These slouchy boots feature a covered wedge heel and soft upper material for a chic look you'll love to wear. synthetic upper 4½ heel 14¼ shaft height 15¼ shaft circumference pull-on design synthetic sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
This classic, leather-look jacket from Dockers offers enduring style with an open-bottom fit that won’t cling. shirt collar zip front long sleeves side-entry pockets 2 inner pockets adjustable snap cuffs shell face: polyurethane shell back: rayon/polyester lining and fill: polyester wipe clean with a damp cloth imported
Made for her but designed like his, our roll-cuff boyfriend jeans feature a flattering fit you'll love with a relaxed, destructed styling. button-and-zip fly closure contoured waistband 5-pocket styling 26½ inseam cotton/elastane washable imported
The modern design and vibrant color of this baking dish adds a pop of style to your table as you serve homemade casseroles to friends and family.   durable stoneware construction great for entertaining or everyday use oven and microwave safe 3-quart capacity Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Everything comes full circle in this mirror image tee from Zoo York, your source for True East style. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Our sleeveless medallion print top features a beautiful crochet band across the neckline and will take your outfit up a notch. v-neck sleeveless 26 length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Designed to prevent stagnant water, this unique plug-in bubbling pet fountain provides fresh, clean water for thirsty cats and dogs of all sizes. continuous bubbling stream attracts your pet, encouraging them to drink more water throughout the day for improved health 46-ounce water reservoir 108-ounce water tank hassle-free assembly and maintenance contemporary design accommodates any home decor built-in plug prevents water spillage while filling/transporting easily portable transparent design allows you to quickly see water level Plastic. Measures 9½x13x9½H. Spot clean. Imported.    
Nothing gets you cross-country quite like our durable and comfy roadmap shirt from Dockers. button-down collar long sleeves left chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Look and feel your very best in our glitter-trim side-ruffle jacket dress, which is feminine, elegant and stylish. roundneck 3/4-sleeve jacket: 20 length sleeveless dress: 44¾ length from shoulder back zip lined polyester washable imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Your little girl will look adorable in this sleeveless dress featuring a girly bunny face print on the front and finished off with a pretty bow at the center of the waistline. graphic print roundneck sleeveless upper body: polyester/rayon/spandex lower body and lining: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Our classic Alfred Dunner sweater is perfect when paired with a blazer in cold weather or alone in warm weather.   crewneck short sleeves approx. 24½ length polyester washable made in America
Whether you play in the paint or like to get up and down the court, these colorful socks have you covered, thanks to a moisture-wicking, Dri-FIT fabric and a foot-specific fit.   Dri-FIT moisture-wicking fabric left/right-specific design for a better fit arch compression reinforced heel and toe polyester/nylon/cotton/spandex washable imported
Show you’ve got more to offer than basic white with this colorful v-neck from Arizona. v-neck tagless short sleeves heathered colors: 60% cotton/40% polyester all other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
Made to last, this smooth sheet set helps you enjoy a great night’s sleep while dressing your bed in style and comfort. fit design holds the fitted sheet in place for an exceptionally snug fit on your mattress quick dri low pilling premium 550 thread-count fabric easy-to-maintain, wrinkle-free design Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Full and Queen sets include two standard pillowcases. King and Cal. King sets include two king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases sold separately. Cotton/polyester. Washable. Imported. Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 32x21 Queen: flat sheet is 90x108; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 32x21 King: flat sheet is 108x108; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 40x21 Cal. King: flat sheet is 108x108; fitted sheet is 72x84; pillowcases are 40x21
Sleep Better™ with the revolutionary Isotonic comfort cell memory foam mattress topper that features a unique grid design and zonal comfort.   temperature-sensitive urethane foam ventilated grid pattern channels air flow so you can stay cool and comfortable 2 thick, 2½-pound density Manufacturer's 5-year warranty. Spot clean. Made in America. Twin: 34x2x72 Twin XL: 34x2x76 Full: 50x2x72 Queen: 56x2x76 King: 74x2x76 Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
This brown braided belt from IZOD is a classic, casual choice that pairs great with jeans, shorts or khakis.   silver buckle imported
These ballet flats are the perfect accessory for your casual outfits with a cute top bow accent to complete the look. linen-look textile upper top knot embellishment memory foam footbed textile sole
An updated spin on a classic design, these braided rugs combine two different yarn fibers to create a textured feel that's sophisticated and unique.   textured look and feel classic braid construction reversible for twice the life crafted in America highly durable nylon/polypropylene fibers ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: None Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Rug construction: Machine-made Care Instructions: Vacuum with a hard surface attachment; do not use a beater bar. Spot clean. Origin: Made in America  
Climb your way up the corporate ladder in comfort with our open-toe pumps featuring a cushioned insole. synthetic approx. 3¼ heel ¾ platform rubber sole
Enjoy worry free comfort and support in our silhouette-smoothing bra from Bali. built up straps that stay in place. modern coverage foam cups innovative underwire design reduces poking back smoothing Comfort-U™ design ensures stay in place straps and back plush lining polyester hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #3T62
Leave them speechless with your daring style when you wear our scuba pencil skirt with sheer mesh inset for a peek of skin. polyester/spandex washable imported
Our tri-daddy hitting net from Izzo is made with a unique triangle shape that provides an optimal hitting area so you can improve your game. hanging target sharpens aim while facilitating ball collection unique shape allows for use from driver through wedge premium mesh netting is engineered and tested to be the strongest in golf includes nylon carry bag for convenient travel and storage easy set-up/take-down polyester 6.5x7x5'H hitting area wipe clean imported
His epic swag style never has to end with these cool mix-and-match pajamas. includes short-sleeve top, shorts and long pants elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Scalloped edge lace detailing lends feminine flair to the contemporary style of our short-sleeve tee. crewneck short sleeves rayon/spandex washable imported
Travel in safety and style with this leather passport and ticket holder featuring radio frequency identification blocking technology. 8½x4 ⅛x½” 100% leather wipe clean imported
Complete your look with this set of three pairs of stud earrings, featuring crystal studs in silver-tone metal and silver-tone or gold-tone balls. Metal: Gold-tone or silver-tone metalStones: Glass stonesBack: PostDimensions: .4x.4 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
For your first step in heart-rate-based training, this watch lets you safely exercise within your target zone. With a simple one-button start, it shows your heart rate on a large, easy-to-read display. Great for cross-training fitness enthusiasts, including swimmers. Includes a chest strap with a built-in heart-rate sensor.   Brand: Polar Dial Color: Gray Strap: Black silicone Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 37mm Case Thickness: 10mm Bracelet Dimensions: 200mm long, 19mm wide Model No.: 90051024 Special Features: Stop watch; date and time display; alarm; coded transmission prevents interference from other training computers; summary of latest workout; records average and maximum heart rate; displays text in several languages Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
PlayDry-equipped tee keeps moisture away so your tough workouts are just a bit more comfortable.   regular fit PlayDry moisture wicking fabric logo heat transfer on left shoulder polyester washable imported
She'll be so cute in our patchwork dress, with a tiered skirt with crochet trim detail.  roundneck keyhole button back sleeveless bodice: cotton/polyester/spandex skirt: rayon lining: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Enjoy classic, five-pocket styling in a comfortably relaxed fit with these great-looking jeans from IZOD.   relaxed fit sits at hip straight leg cotton washable imported
This product will be available for all clients online on February 29 and in stores on March 14. What it is: A four-in-one primer, makeup setting spray, hydrating mist, and skin refresher. What it does: This complexion boosting mist helps restore your skin’s natural radiance and hydration and extends your makeup for 12 hours. The refreshing setting spray acts as a hydrating mist and primer to help to minimize the appearance of pores, redness, and puffiness. Featuring a hypoallergenic formula, it’s infused with tarte’s antioxidant-packed Rainforest of the Sea™ complex to help shield skin from daily aggressors. Just mist on a few times throughout the day to quench dry skin and help improve the look of firmness over time. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Phthalates What else you need to know: This product is vegan-friendly, hypoallergenic, and is dermatologist tested.Suggested Usage: Use as a primer and hydrating mist: -Before applying moisturizer, hold bottle eight to 10 inches from your face and spray directly onto clean skin. Setting spray: -Spray marine boosting mist over your makeup to set foundation into place. Skin refresher: -Apply a few sprays throughout the day for immediate refreshment and to help quench dry skin.Size:2.5 ozIngredients: -Rainforest of the Sea™ Complex: A proprietary blend of algae and marine flower extracts that helps reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while smoothing and softening skin. -Orange Peel Oil: Helps promote collagen production and reduce puffiness for youthful-looking skin. -Sea Water: Provides intense hydration and minerals to quench and nourish skin. -Lentil Seed Extract: Helps minimize the appearance of pores. -Caffeine: Helps improve microcirculation while reducing the appearance of redness and puffiness. -Coconut Oil: An antioxidant-rich oil that helps smooth and nourish skin. -Lavender Oil: Soothes and tones skin. Water, SD Alcohol 40-B (Alcohol Denat.), Glycerin, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Oil, Limonene, Phenoxyethanol, Sea Water Extract, Caffeine, Disodium EDTA, Lens Esculenta (Lentil) Seed Extract, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Oil, Mentha Piperita (Peppermint) Oil, Chlorphenesin, Citral, Ethylhexylglycerin, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Algae Extract, Linalool, Gardenia Tahitensis Flower Extract, Tocopherol.
A real visual treat, our colorblock sheath dress gives you a fit that looks great and comes packed with a vibrant excitement. scoopneck sleeveless contrast print 42 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Stay cute and cozy everywhere you go with our easy-to-layer tank top.  Climatesmart technology wicks moisture away from the skin, making it the optimal choice for less than optimal weather. polyester washable imported
Reap the rewards of the season when you adorn your seasonal table setting with these pumpkin-themed placemats. textured fabric set of 4 Jute. Each measures 13x19. Spot clean. Imported.
Everyone will ask you for fashion tips when you show up rocking our natte tie and pocket square set.  includes striped tie and dot pocket square pocket square: 12x12 tie: 3¼ wide; 62 long polyester dry clean only imported
Call attention to your unique sense of fashion with this simple and alluring stretch bracelet. Metal: Gold-tone metal   Stones: Aqua epoxy stones and crystals Circumference: 7.07 stretchable Width: ½ Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The three-eye detailing gives this brown leather strap watch an attention-grabbing chronograph look against the black dial.  Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: BlackStrap: Brown leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzCase Width: 45mmCase Thickness: 9mmBracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 20mm wideModel No.: 53461   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These military-style work boots keep you going with their slip-resistant design, sturdy construction and ample cushioning. construction leather/nylon upper breathable lining rubber sole details lace up 8 shaft height side zipper for easy access cushioned, removable insert Measurements are approximate and may vary by size.
A ruched crossover bodice creates a flattering shape for this graceful gown, allowing you to feel confident and regal. v-neck sleeveless back zip 59 length from shoulder polyester/spandex polyester lining washable imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Add a little sass to your favorite workout with our Xersion sheer panel hoodie sweatshirt. hooded 1/2 zip front sheer panel approx. 27½ length polyester/spandex washable imported
Special occasions can be even more extraordinary with tiered cakes created with the Cake Boss nonstick 3-pc. square cake pan set. Perfect for creating three-tier cakes for intimate weddings, the pans are also ideal for baking special grooms’ cakes or gorgeous cakes for other important events.   heavy-duty, folded aluminized steel resists corrosion and warping rolled, wire-reinforced rims provide added strength and easier grip long-lasting, nonstick coating and quilted surface resist wear, promote even heat distribution and beautiful browning with superb release includes 6, 8 and 10 pans oven safe to 450°F Aluminized steel. Hand wash. Imported. 
Go from work to weekend with comfortable ease in our sleeveless peplum top. roundneck sleeveless back zipperpetite: approx. 22⅛- 23¾ length polyester/spandex washable imported  misses: approx. 26¼-28¼ length petite: approx. 22⅛- 23¾ length
What it is:Yu-Be Set is an effective set containing all of the brand's nourishing products in a handy cosmetics bag.What it does:This assortment of products is sure to leave your skin looking and feeling absolutely brilliant. Try the entire Yu-Be line of products in one set.This set contains:- 2 x 1.25 oz Moisturizing Skin Cream Tubes- 0.15 oz Lip Therapy Stick- 0.17 oz Moisturizing Body Lotion Sample Tube- 2 x 0.14 oz Foaming Skin Polish Foil Sample PacketsWhat it is formulated WITHOUT:- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dyes- Petrochemicals- Phthalates- GMOs- Triclosan
The Stanza rod-pocket sheer panel by Royal Velvet adds elegance to any room.   sheer fabric diffuses light use alone or as an underlayer sophisticated neutral tones  Panel sold individually. Ascot valance and scarf sold separately. Measured overall. Shirr on up to a 3 rod or pole. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
The design of the Xersion compression pants brings flexibility and fashion to your workout routine. elastic waistband slim fit sits at waist polyester/spandex washable imported
Update your professional look with our pants, featuring a double waistband, trouser hooks and a classic style that pairs nicely with a variety of tops.  double waistband trouser hooks straight leg mid rise 30 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Wear our Liz Claiborne thong sandals and slip into style that's a step above.   polyurethane upper with metal embellishment polyurethane sole
Our Worthington shift dress has that classic cut that you can wear from work to play with just an accessory change.   roundneck sleeveless exposed back zipper approx. 36 length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Refresh your classic sweater look with a little feminine charm and don our layered top for a look you'll be flaunting all season long. roundneck removable necklace polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Make your way into the style spotlight with our dress boots, featuring topstitch detail on the vamps and toes. ●    faux leather upper●    1.1 heel on 0.34 platform●    5.2 shaft height●    10 shaft circumference●    padded footbed●    square toe●    slip on●    synthetic sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
With pretty embellishments along the sides, our Worthington tank top is the perfect feminine addition to your warm-weather wardrobe. roundneck approx. 26⅝-28¼ length polyester/spandex washable imported
This climacool crewneck tee is the ideal blend of performance and comfort, with a streamlined fit to complement your body's movement. climacool paneled zones for ventilation non-chafing stitching banded collar tag free polyester washable imported
Every guy needs a well-tailored cold-weather suit topper like this. Not too long, not too short, it also figures into your weekend plans over jeans and a sweater.   peak lapels hidden button front 4 faux front pockets interior pockets lined approx. 38 long wool/polyester/acrylic/other fibers dry clean imported
Add bold color to your little prepster's wardrobe with this classic piqué polo from Arizona. flat knit collar short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
The crystal accents and sleek profile give this watch and bracelet set increased fashion to go along with the already apparent functionality. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving. Dial Color: Champagne or silver Stones: Crystals Bracelet: Gold-tone, two-tone or silver-tone metal alloy Clasp: Jewelry clasp Movement: Quartz Case Width: 22mm Case Thickness: 7 or 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 185mm or 195mm +/-5mm long, 8-10mm wide Model No.: FMDJSET005 Special Features: Includes matching bracelet Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Indulge in a treasure trove of color with this butterfly pin and enjoy effortless style all day long.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Orange glass stones Dimensions: 2.3x1.5 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
When comfort and durability are a priority, reach for these premium denim jeans from Wrangler. sits at waist regular fit through seat and thigh 5-pocket styling straight leg cotton/spandex washable imported
Like the Swiss army knife of kitchen gadgets, this immersion blender is one tool that does many jobs – blends, mixes, whips, purées and chops. Saves money and valuable storage space.   chops right in the bowl for serving convenience includes three attachments: blending wand, power whisk and chopping bowl 225 watts Plastic and stainless steel. Measures 8.75L. Attachments are dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Hit the road in style with our running shoes designed with superior cushioning and flexibility to enhance foot comfort. technology injection-molded EVA foam midsole for cushioning XLT footbed for exceptional fit Flex Notch provides increased flexibility construction breathable synthetic/polyester mesh upper rubber sole details lace up memory sole comfort insert heel pull-tab for easy on/off
Get a better basic tee in a size that truly fits with this pocket t-shirt from The Foundry Supply Co.™   short-sleeve, crew-neck tee left chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Casual looks get a pop of sassy personality with this easy-match graphic tee from Okie Dokie. roundneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Comfortable, versatile and stylish, this short-sleeve polo is sure to make your little one more adorable than ever.●    polo collar●    button placket●    cotton/polyester●    washable●    imported  
true Featuring a stainless steel drum and the refreshing power of steam, this gas dryer’s WiFi Connect system lets you check progress from your smartphone with an app that lets you monitor cycles and settings while receiving alerts. ENERGY STAR® qualified 7.8 cu. ft. 5 heat selections Steam Select feature lets you customize your cycle by specifying the number of garments needing to be steamed Steam Dewrinkle feature uses steam to refresh and dry loads of any size dryer rack allows tumble-free drying of items like sneakers and stuffed animals My Cycle Settings dry clothes with the settings you prefer on any cycle Speed Dry feature quickly dries items and small loads for families on the go left-swing door 44 1/2 x 28 x 31 9/10  shop matching washer
A versatile finishing touch for any outfit, our lovely ballet flats feature beautiful buckle accents on the straps. slip on synthetic upper EVA sole
This protective zippered sleeve is extremely lightweight yet durable. Made of a neoprene, this case allows you to safely transport your iPad or tablet in any bag or on its own. It has an interior pocket for additional accessories and Velcro® tabs to secure the tablet. zipper-sleeve design durable construction provides great protection interior pocket Velcro® tabs to secure the tablet neoprene wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 8x10½x1 imported   iPad is a registered trademark of Apple, Inc.
Unique criss-cross details give these classic ballet flats a bit of texture for a trendy finish. cotton canvas upper cushioned footbed flexible textile sole
Designed for a smooth look under T-shirts, our no-dig bra features soft, smoothing fabrics and wireless contour cups to accentuate your natural shape while offering a flawless fit. tag free no-dig construction for a smooth look under clothes cushioned straps for enhanced comfort wireless contour cups provide comfort, shaping and support           nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #GM0451A
Bold stripes create a traditional style that gives this indoor/outdoor runner rug a versatile look that fits with any decor. UV stabilized to ensure color retention mold and mildew resistant power-loomed construction durable polypropylene Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Backing: Polypropylene Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended indoors to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Rinse off with a hose. Origin: Imported
New and improved Legend 2.0 pants feature Dri-FIT cotton-blend fabrication. A one-piece, self-fabric waistband with power mesh inside provides a smooth silhouette. Waistband construction is tilted up in back for natural fit and more coverage. Figure-flattering tight fit for comfort.   Dri-FIT fabric wicks sweat away from your skin plated jersey knit 29 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Dainty hearts style this sweet sterling silver fold-over bracelet. Crafted in Italy.   Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 7½ Width: 4.5mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Rock out with your flag out when wearing our spectacularly patriotic guitar pick tee. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Take the day by storm in our skinny-leg jeans, which sit below your waist and are fitted though the hip and thigh. zip fly with button closure 4 pocket styling cotton/rayon/spandex washable imported inseam: 23 1/2
This compact and portable body weight scale is perfect for the frequent traveler.  The small platform size also makes it a great space saver in smaller bathrooms.   plastic and glass measures up to 400 pounds (180 kg) in 0.2 pound (0.1 kg) increments large, high-contrast digital display instant-on technology display hold feature automatic shut-off feature tempered safety glass platform 2 CR2032 lithium batteries included 11¾x8¾x¾H imported
Our swivel home entertainment stand features a unique 360-degree motion to adjust and move the television for viewing pleasure. stainless steel rust-resistant poles particle board construction faux woodgrain melamine with durable veneer finish 2 convenient shelves to store media fits up to a 32 TV 31.5x15.75x9.25H assembly required; no tools needed wipe clean with dry cloth imported
Gorgeous crystal pavé-set links are the focus of this bracelet that easily transitions from lunch dates to cocktail hour.   Metal: Rose-tone metalStones: CrystalsDimensions: 7½ long; ½ wide   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
COPY Dial Color: Red and black Superman logoStrap: Black and red plasticClasp: BuckleMovement: DigitalCase Width: 34mmCase Thickness: 13mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.8” long
This beautiful decorative pillow gives your bedding an update with its blue and yellow chain-stitching pattern. tonal brown background embroidery adds textural style coordinating accessories sold separately 16x16 cotton; polyester fill spot clean imported
Show off your classic style with our pumps, with small kitten heels and delicate ankle straps.  faux leather 2.7 heel platform ankle strap with adjustable buckle padded footbed pointed toe thermoplastic rubber sole
These beds will inspire sweet dreams.  Canopy Beds:powder-coated finish in refreshing off-white beautiful scroll loops pewter hardware fully-welded construction with heavy gauge tubing Metal. Assembly required. Imported. Canopy beds include headboard, footboard, canopy and frame. Twin canopy bed: 39x79x83H Full canopy bed: 54x79x83H
Colorful and fun, these textured bowls are great for your favorite desserts, relishes, fruits, nuts, dips and more.   shimmering glass construction red, green and gold colors great for large and small occasions set of 3 Glass. Each measures 4.64 in diameter. Hand wash. Imported.
Stay cool and take your tee with a twist with our twist back tank top, an updated look for an old favorite. roundneck 22 length polyester/spandex washable imported
She can rule over the wintry city of Arendelle in the Snow Queen Elsa costume.   Disney Collection only at JCPenney includes dress; shoes and tiara sold separately metallic accents snowflake pattern or skirt overlay polyester hand wash, line dry imported             XXS – 2            XS – 3            S – 4            M – 5/6            L – 7/8            XL – 9/10 
The lightweight feel and practicality of the KitchenAid 6-quart accessory bowl makes it convenient and easy to mix up your favorite treats. use with a stand mixer to make multiple batches without constantly switching bowls clean, simple design made of stainless steel for durability Dishwasher-safe; hand wash recommended. Imported.
The perfect partner for t-shirts, polos and button-downs, these classic flat-front shorts are the foundation of your summer.   zip front with button closure side welt pocket single-welt, button-through back pockets flat front 10½ inseam cotton washable imported
This elephant is all dressed up—give him some place to go when you wear this pendant necklace featuring an assortment of pink and cream stones with a fabric body.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 28 strawberry chain Pendant Size: 3x2 3/16 high   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Stay cool in these versatile flip-flops from Dockers® perfect for the beach or lounging around the yard. EVA/acrylic imported
Give your everyday khaki style an athletic upgrade with these cotton twill joggers from Arizona. sits just below waist slim straight fit through seat and thigh banded waist with drawstring slant front pockets tapered leg closed bottom 100% cotton washable imported
true This built-in cooktop features coil burners and removable drip bowls that make heating and cleaning easy, while the GE Fits! Guarantee ensures an exact fit for easy replacement. four coil burners provide even heat and easy cleanup removable drip bowls for easy cleaning heating element On light lets you know when an element is on GE Fits! Guarantee ensures an exact fit and easy replacement 3x30¼x21¼
Pretend you're in Paris when you're putting on your accessories that are stored in this French-influenced jewelry armoire. Carved detailing, beveled drawers and graceful curves make this antique walnut finish piece très chic.   mirrored top lid with lock top compartment has ring rolls and two open sections two side doors with metal necklace hooks seven drawers with divided compartments tasseled key included 17¼x10¾x39H fiberboard with felt lining assembly required imported jewelry not included
This polished oval tie tack, in sterling silver, comes with a bar and chain clutch. Single initial engraving is available at no charge.   sterling silver engrave 1 letter at no charge made in America  
Smart and stylish, our 2-pocket henley tank top works for any day of the week or weekend to complement pants, capris, shorts and skirts.  henley neck 2 pockets 24 3/8-29¾ length polyester washable imported
This television tray table set includes convenient surface for your family to eat meals together or relax and get work done. solid wood construction warm chestnut wood finish antique gold corner accents stand included for storing trays when not used space-saving options for mealtime crossed legs and stretcher easily folds up assembly required; Philip screwdriver needed wipe clean with dry, soft cloth imported 5-piece set includes: 4 tray tables, each measure: 15.875x19.125x26.5H stand: 18x13x31H
Put on your Princess Peach PJ set and you are sure to have sweet dreams.  includes tank top and shorts contrast waistband rayon/polyester/cotton washable imported
With no-iron and stain-repelling technology, these are the perfect low-maintenance pants for everyday life. no iron stain repelling flex to fit waist flat front straight fit straight leg sits at waist polyester/cotton washable imported
Breezy and beautiful, our handkerchief-hem crochet dress is the perfect warm-weather style.•    v-neck•    sleeveless•    32½ length from shoulder•    polyester lining•    nylon•    hand wash, flat dry•    imported  
Our 4-in-1 convertible crib is a grow-with-me furniture piece that transitions into a toddler bed, day bed, and full-size platform bed for years of extended use. assembly required, instructions included New Zealand pine/LVL pine/MDF/metal 56.1x31.49x49.01H wipe clean with damp cloth imported
Combining a simple, modern look with a functional, lightweight design, Argus spinner upright luggage is a perfect companion for wherever your travels may take you. flexible softside design lightweight aluminum internal handle system 2 exterior zipper pockets, 1 main interior compartment and 1 mesh zipper pocket spinner wheels corner guards on bottom polyester 13½x8x21H imported
A luxuriously soft closet essential, our jersey knit pullover sweater is always on standby when you need to get dressed in a hurry. crewneck ribbed knit cuffs and hem approx. 26 - 27¼ length jersey knit cotton/rayon/nylon washable imported
Get a sleek, modern look you can wear out on a nice day or to the office with our two-button sport coat.  notch lapel 2-button front 2 interior pockets and 2 exterior pockets side vents cotton/linen polyester lining dry clean only imported
Update your space with style and comfort with our modern teal coverlet set with contrasting white damask print. reverses to solid, cool green color fabric manipulation, geometric embroidery accents polyester decorative pillows with polyester fill polyester coverlet; cotton/olefin/rayon fill washable; spot clean pillows imported 5-piece king/cal. king set includes: coverlet: 104x90 2 king shams: 36x20 2 decorative pillows: 12x16 oblong, 16x16 square
Biofresh® Memory Foam is the perfect comfort combination of a naturally breathable and odor-neutral memory foam material. Biofresh is a highly breathable, open-cell memory foam that allows for greater airflow around you, creating a cooler, more hygienic sleeping environment. Biofresh® Memory Foam adds luxurious comfort to any mattress by cradling every curve of your body. the perfect combination of a naturally breathable and odor-neutral memory foam material soft and conforming to provide cradling comfort and relieve pressure points open-cell construction provides superior air circulation for a cooler, more hygienic sleeping environment foam odor is neutralized and is enhanced with plant based-ingredients for a lower impact on the environment Twin: 74x38x2H Twin XL: 79x38x2H Full: 74x53x2H Queen: 79x59x2H King: 79x75x2H Cal. King: 83x71x2H spot clean foam made in the USA with pride and quality craftsmanship Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
A fabulous alternative to the preppy button-front oxford, this knit polo shirt is an essential part of her school-ready style.   meets school uniform requirements slim fit y-neck with picot-trimmed collar cotton/polyester washable imported
Princess seams and a little spandex afford our button-front y-neck shirt a good degree of stretch to keep you comfy. shirt collar rounded hem cotton/spandex washable imported
Upgrade your tabletop basics with the simply stunning design of this 16-piece dinnerware set featuring a versatile solid color.   smooth and angled shapes mug has a generous handle for comfortable use microwave safe 16-piece set includes: 4 dinner plates 4 salad plates 4 bowls 4 mugs Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Easily hold your essentials in this stretch-easy women’s scrub top from Dickies, featuring spacious patch pockets, a cell phone pocket and utility ring. v-neck front patch pockets cell phone pocket self tab with utility D ring logo eyelets back princess seams for added shape 26 center back length polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Our St. John's Bay cropped pants have that reliable fit and feel that you have always loved and now they have a cropped length that keeps you in touch with the trends. classic fit straight leg 20¼ inseam rinse: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
You'll be sure to show off your legs when you walk in any room in the sky-high design of these pumps by Michael Antonio. synthetic upper 5 heel 1 platform synthetic sole
Have a little fun with your warm-weather wears with our scarf print cami from by&by. v-neck sleeveless 26.5 length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Our Worthington essential cardigan is a real wardrobe booster, giving you layered comfort and effortless style.   3/4 sleeves mid length acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
Get a classic formal look with just the right amount of detail with our leather cap-toe oxfords.  leather upper lace up cap toe thermoplastic rubber sole
Keep her cool and comfortable in these easy-to-wear Bermuda shorts. 5-pocket design 8 inseam. Measurements relate to regular size 10, other sizes will vary flat front ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
These girls', high-polish 14K gold cross stud earrings are faithfully sweet, putting some extra sparkle in her look with cubic zirconia accents.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: Cubic zirconia Back: Screwback Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Create the perfect look for your daybed with this timeless cover in blue plaid. blue plaid  cotton daybed cover with cotton/polyester fill; cotton shams and bedskirt washable daybed cover: 75x39 imported   5-piece set includes: daybed cover 3 standard shams bedskirt with 17 drop   Coordinating accessories sold separately.
Never too snug or too baggy, the 514 Straight universal fit features Levi's lowest rise and a straight leg that is close through the seat and thigh. 5-pocket styling sits low on waist adjustable waist zip fly and button closures cotton washable imported
Running shoes that feature both style and support for making strides.   technology flywire technology in the midfoot for lightweight support full-length phylon midsole maxair unit in heel for maximum cushioning   construction leather/synthetic/mesh breathable upper rubber sole details hook & loop adjustable strap & gore laces for a secure and custom fit EVA injected midsole provides lightweight cushioning minimal rubber outsole w/ multi-tread design provides traction
These advanced comfort Wrangler jeans are built with denim that moves with you for all the bending, lifting and squatting your day requires. Get the authentic Western style you love with durability you count on—from the brand you’ve trusted for years.   zip and button closure 5 pocket styling deep front pockets functional watch pocket felled inseams fits over boots cotton washable imported
This rash guard protects him from the sun and shows off his love for the heroes in a half shell. UPF 50+ short sleeves polyester/spandex washable imported
Simple in design, extraordinary on comfort, these leather pumps help you go the extra mile. leather upper 1¾ heel Soft Comfort sock leather sole
Perfect on its own or layered with his favorite tee, this button-front shirt is a crisp addition to any laid-back style. point collar short sleeves 1 chest pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Mature elegance is the hallmark of this upholstered headboard. Tall and stately, its rectangular, pillowed design perfectly complements all bedroom themes. solid wood and MDF construction screw joinery for added durability button tufted Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Assembly required; Allen wrench needed. Imported. Twin: 42Wx52H Full: 57Wx52H Queen: 63Wx52H King: 79Wx52H
Ideally suited for deep tissue, stimulating and neuromuscular therapy, this rich, thick, and textured massage lotion is formulated from premium all-natural ingredients for an effective and soothing way to relieve exhausted and fatigued muscles.   1-gallon container nourishing formula that delivers optimal glide and friction without drag or tackiness non-staining, non-greasy and paraben free formulated without petroleum additives, alcohol or animal ingredients perfect for blending with essential oils Ingredients: purified water, grape seed oil, sesame oil, vitamin e, organic arnica montana extract, organic white willow bark extract, citrus fruit oil, sage oil Made in America. 
Every wardrobe needs a simple v-neck, and our short sleeve tee fits the bill perfectly.  v-neck short sleeves polyester/spandex washable imported
Our premium tee is designed to keep you cool and relaxed during your most active times. available only at JCPenney Quick-Dri technology no-chafe seams raglan sleeves reflective logo on back neck polyester washable imported    
Our asymmetrical shirt puts a sophisticated spin on an essential style with a fluttering hem. v-neck knit rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Layer up when the temperature drops with this heat-holding thermal top from Work King. flatlock seams for durability and comfort Ultra Fresh™ antimicrobial treatment blended fabric is both soft and durable crewneck long sleeves rib-knit cuffs help trap body heat cotton/polyester washable imported
Fall asleep with the complete moisture protection of this waterproof mattress protector without compromising the comfort of your bed. Luxurious circular knit cover with a waterproof back. 18” stretch-to-fit bedskirt waterproof protector SensorPEDIC® waterproof technology fitted skirt Viscose/rayon/polyester with polyester back and polyurethane fill. Machine wash, line dry. Imported. Twin: 39x75 Full: 54x75” Queen: 60x80 King: 76x80 Cal. King: 84x72”
When it comes to classic executive styling, you can’t go wrong with these sleek leather dress shoes and their finely stitched detailing. leather upper lace up leather lining rubber sole
Easy-going and relaxed, our linen drawstring pants will be one of your go-to pieces as the weather gets warmer. front slant pockets back patch pockets 100% linen washable imported
These Arizona jeggings bring trend-right style to easy, everyday comfort with a stretchy knit feel and classic denim look. elastic waist with rhinestone-button closure faux fly 2 faux front pockets 2 back pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
A Parisian beauty and sophisticate, Florence conjures memories of old-world Paris.It is an alluring combination of Italian bergamot and crushed violet petals. Ivory gardenia combined with blonde wood evokes a sophisticated and feminine scent that conjures the elegance of a Parisian sophisticate.Notes:Italian Bergamot, Grapefruit Leaves, Green Pear, Apple, Ivory Gardenia, Crushed Violet Petals, Jasmine, Tuberose, Blue Iris, Blonde Wood, White Musk.Style:Sophisticated. Romantic. Feminine. Size0.33 oz Eau de Parfum Rollerball
The Calphalon cookware set offers you the perfect pan for any job. Durable tri-ply stainless steel ensures even, consistent heating, and is safe with any kind of utensil you want to use.   combines the beauty of stainless steel with the superior performance of aluminum polished, stainless steel exterior with satin-finished interior designed with 3 layers to ensure even, consistent heating induction-capable convenient stay-cool handles safe for use with all types of utensils stainless steel/aluminum oven safe, broiler safe, and dishwasher safe imported 13-piece set includes: 8 omelette pan 10 omelette pan 12 omelette pan 1.5-qt. saucepan with cover 2.5-qt. saucepan with cover 3-qt. sauté pan with cover 3-qt. chef's pan with cover 6-qt. stock pot with cover
Rock a moto-inspired look and kickstart your high-fashion chic look in our faux-suede jacket. long sleeves point collar full front zipper approx. 23½ - 25 front length polyester/polyurethane polyester lining spot clean only imported
Spruce up your space with our comforter set, featuring a botanical pattern with pops of warm hues highlighting the pattern and drawing attention to the comforter's beautiful embroidery. The comforter reverses to a solid green. botanical pattern with embroidery; reverses to a solid green comforter: 100% cotton with polyester fill shams and bedskirt: 100% cotton full: 80x 90 queen: 92x96 king: 110x96 cal. king: 104x100 washable imported 4-piece sets include: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop Coordinating accessories sold separately. Full and queen sets include standard shams. King and cal. king sets include king shams.
Life is sweet in this fish romper. flutter straps satin bows cinched cuffs nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
Break free from the classic mold with a sport coat that’s modern, bold and built for stretch-easy, all-day comfort. slim fit notch lapel 2-button front slant chest pocket 2 lower front flap pockets 3 interior pockets back side vents polyster/viscose/spandex dry clean only imported
Stafford full-cut briefs offer great quality at a low price.   combed cotton all-day comfort preshrunk for lasting fit reinforced durable stitching tag free comfort waistband cotton washable imported
The Body Sleeks contour bra is virtually invisible under clothes while providing a gentle lift for a youthful profile without cleavage enhancement.     full coverage nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #75270  
true Samsung’s WaterWall Technology cleans every item in the dishwasher with unprecedented power and range. Zone Boost offers the flexibility to wash every kind of dish in one load. Improved flexibility offers more space for dishes and utensils of every shape and size. ENERGY STAR® qualified front display with electronic touch sensor stainless steel tub half load cycle lets you wash small loads to save energy and water Dry+ option adds extra time and heat to drying cycle to ensure all dishes and cutlery are dry Express 60 cycle cleans lighter cycles of cups, bowls, bowls and cutlery easier and faster digital water leakage sensor prevents puddles on the floor Samsung's revolutionary WaterWall™ technology reinvents dishwashing. Unlike our conventional dishwashers, the WaterWall™ line uses a powerful sweeping wall of water to leave dishes remarkably clean. The Zone Booster wash setting offers controllable intensive washing at the touch of a button. Selecting the option to wash the right or left zone on the bottom rack enables you to target hard-to-clean pots and pans for higher water pressure and temperature wash. An Express 60 cycle option cleans dishes much faster. It's ideal for lighter loads of cups, cutlery, bowls and plates. Enjoy powerful, efficient dishwashing in peace with a special insulation system that siginficantly reduces noise to 44dBA. 5 wash cycles including econowash, sanitize, delayed start up to 24 hours and Half-Load cycle that washes the lower rack only Energy efficient dishwasher only uses 258 kwh per year Adjustable upper rack features two cup shelves and stemware holders, lower rack features fold-down tines to accommodate items of various sizes and shapes
With moisture-wicking fabric, durability and shock absorption, these socks go the extra mile so that you can too.   dri-FIT® moisture technology wicking keeps feet cool and dry maximum breathability cushioned footbed for comfort arch compression for perfected fit reinforced heel & toe for durability cushioned foot nylon/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Polished lines bring a glimmer of light-capturing shine to this brushed-finish tie bar from Collection by Michael Strahan. only at JCPenney polished/brushed rhodium plating brass/zinc/rhodium imported
Add a touch of the season to your table with this set of stemless wine glasses featuring a timeless motif and construction that shows an appreciation of the flavor and finish of each glass of wine.   each glass has a 16-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Each glass measures 4¾H. Hand wash. Imported.
Twirl the night away in our tulle tutu skirt with an exposed back zipper for a touch of edginess. 21 length polyester/spandex contrast: polyester washable imported
The Bali Double Support bra gives the comfort you crave plus the beauty of shimmering satin and a lace-up front.       superior support for the fuller figure     allover stretch satin for comfort     adjustable straps for a great fit     nylon/spandex     hand wash, line dry     imported of domestic materials     manufacturer's style #3820  
Maximize your workout with pants that are comfortable and stretchy so you can perform your best. midrise straight leg elastic waistband 16½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
A racerback style with thin shoulder and back straps not only provides extra support, but also gives a flattering appearance. roundneck approx. 23 length polyester washable imported
This easy-care Stafford boxed shirt and tie set eliminates time spent matching colors and gets you out the door faster. easy care performance specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering modified spread collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked shirt: cotton/polyester broadcloth
Our linen pants feature an ultra-comfy linen and cotton blend fabric and have a casual look to them that's perfect for everyday wear.  elastic waist with drawstring 2 front side and 2 back pockets 31½ inseam linen/cotton machine wash, line dry imported
These braided rugs feature a blend of rich, earthy tones in a classic pattern—the perfect way to add indoor style to your favorite outdoor space.   classic square braid construction reversible for twice the life crafted in America highly durable polypropylene fibers ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: None Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor or outdoor Rug construction: Machine-made Care Instructions: Vacuum with a hard surface attachment; do not use a beater bar. Spot clean. Hose off and hang to dry. Origin: Made in America  
These Red Kap utility work pants with jean-style waistband are the perfect match when it comes to creating a great on-the-job look and are available in several convenient colors.     8.5 oz. twill durable work pants with soil release  full-cut, straight legs styling folder-set waistband with outlet and extra wide belt loops and hook-and-eye closure 2 slack-style front pockets 2 set-in hip pockets; left pocket had button closure polyester/cotton twill washable imported of domestic goods
The sun will shine lightly through this exquisite sheer panel.   gently filters sunlight geometric pattern grommet-top design makes curtain installation easy brushed silver grommets 1.57 grommet opening Panels sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Keep it cool and sophisticated while adding a pop of color to your bathroom with this shower curtain that comes in a regular size and a stall curtain specifically designed to fit the taller, narrower proportion of a shower stall.   water repellent mold, mildew and allergy resistant weighted bottom helps keep water inside fast drying Polyester. Regular curtain measures 72x72L; stall curtain measures 54x78L. Machine wash; line dry. Imported.
Our pinstripe pants feature a double waistband with trouser hooks and a straight leg for a comfortable, professional look. double waistband with trouser hooks straight leg mid rise 30 inseam rayon/nylon/spandex/polyester hand wash, line dry imported
This all-in-one nail care system gives you professional manicure results in four easy steps—just soak, shape, polish and dry. shape, smooth and polish nails with this rechargeable nail tool and attachments rechargeable switch and variable speed control built-in nail dryer for fast, flawless finish unit stores all of the pieces and the cord so it's ready when you are Includes: manicurist's dish cuticle shaper linear and rotary heads metal smoothing and shaping plates buffing and smoothing plates medium stone cone buffing disc smoothing and shaping discs small, medium and large sapphire cones for acrylic nails AC adapter bonus travel bag Plastic housing. Unit measures 7½x7x7½H. Wipe clean. Imported.  
Update your fitness wardrobe with our adorable Xersion mesh t-shirt, which is cute enough to wear anywhere. v-neck short sleeves mesh inset approx. 28¾ length polyester/spandex washable imported
She can show off her patriotic side with our champion leotard, featuring a comfortable fabric that provides a full range of motion. sleeveless polyester/spandex washable imported
Our modern-fit, flared-leg pants sit at your waist, with a relaxed fit through the hip and thigh, and angled front pockets for a lean and slimming effect. flat front zip fly with hook-and-bar closure inside waistband extension for a smoother front 2 front slash pockets 2 back faux welt pockets polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 33½ inseam misses short: 31½ inseam misses long: 35½ inseam
Providing support and moisture wicking technology for a great workout, you will love the sharp design of these compression shorts. compression fit elastic waistband 9 inseam polyester washable imported 
This elegant cast iron teapot is inspired by highly prized antique Japanese cast iron teapots still in use today.   black porcelain enamel interior coating stainless steel tea brewing basket intended for brewing and serving tea, not for stovetop use 26-oz. capacity Iron/steel. Hand wash. Imported.
Big game, duck, salmon and bear tracks make this quilt set ideal for your cabin or country home and the perfect fit for the outdoorsman in your family. neutral tone background tightly bound edges for durability quilt design is printed rather than pieced together, offering a similar look paired with great value 3-piece set includes: quilt 2 shams Twin, Full/Queen, and King sets include standard sham(s). Cotton with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: quilt is 68x88; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: quilt is 90x90; shams are 26x20 King: quilt is 105x95; shams are 26x20
Men's shirt takes it to the next level in style.   point collar with permanent stays French placket long sleeves with adjustable 2-button cuffs button-front left chest pocket shirttail hem knife pleat at right and left of back cotton/polyester washable imported
A sleek gunmetal-tone dial, strap and bezel create a functional men's strap watch that's bold on style.   Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: Gunmetal-toneStrap: Leather meshClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzCase Width: 41mmCase Thickness: 9mmBracelet Dimensions: 9 long, 20mm wideModel No.: 52802Special Features: Enamel dial, Roman numerals, second hand, ultra-slim strap   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Record and collect memories of your special day that will last a lifetime with this truly elegant memory book.   decorated with a satin double ruffle accented with an Austrian crystal brooch brooch is removable for use after the wedding brings a personal touch to collecting and displaying wedding memories elegant embossed pages accommodate 240 wedding guest signatures and one photo album page three-ring brass binder Paper/polyester/crystal. Measures 9¾x12H. Spot clean. Imported.
Add dimension to your table with this 16-piece dinnerware set featuring a smooth finish that gives each piece a distinctive crackled look.   high-fired stoneware handcrafted look reactive glazed finish makes each piece unique microwave safe 16-piece set includes: four 11 dinner plates four 8 salad plates four 7½ bowls four 12-ounce mugs Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Complete her coronation outfit with these beautiful Anna costume shoes, featuring girly scalloped detail and golden organza ruffle. open toe glitter detail heart-shaped cameo 3D foil flower organza ruffle contrasting foil trim on scalloped design satin footbed synthetic upper urethane sole 3/4 wedge heel
Whatever the weather, these indoor/outdoor rugs are made to tough it out, with hard-working fibers that don't mind the elements. mold and mildew resistant reversible for twice the life horizontal braid construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in America ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: None Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Spot clean. Vacuum with hard surface attachment only. Hose off and lay flat to dry. Origin: Made in America  
Take your love of Star Wars to the next level with our excitingly vibrant tie based on Star Wars stickers.   3⅛ width 57 length polyester spot clean only imported
Elevate your beachside style with our adorable flounce bandeau swim top. detachable straps molded cups tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our Summer Buzz indoor or outdoor rugs take flight with a whimsical bee, butterfly and dragonfly design that's grounded in warm, natural colors.   part of the Montego rug collection designed for indoor or outdoor use easy-care, flat weave construction mold and mildew resistant Polypropylene. Spot clean with cold water; use soap on stubborn stains; line dry. Rug pad recommended for indoor use. Imported.
Add an element of beauty with our best-selling lace coordinates. An allover floral pattern covers this ascot valance for a subtle hint of romantic styling.   great for layering with other window treatments easy-to-hang rod-pocket styling sheer quality of lace offers light filtering as well as a measure of privacy gorgeous scalloped edges 1½ header Measures 56x20L. Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Measured from top of rod pocket down, exclusive of header. Hang on a rod up to ½ in diameter. 1½ rod pocket. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
For a romantic style that's simply timeless, our lace fit-and-flare dress is the perfect addition to your elegant wardrobe. scoopneck short sleeves 41 length from shoulder lined lace black/natural: polyester; solid: polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Warm up and work out in cotton-rich fleece comfort with these tapered pants from Champion.   sits at waist elastic waist with drawcord side-seam pockets tapered leg with logo embroidery closed bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
What it is:A small, rounded brush for distinct highlight application.What it does:Designed for highlighting the cheek and brow bones, this complexion brush is ideal for generous product application. Its soft, wavy fibers allow adjustable coverage, while its firmness and precision make it the perfect tool for achieving the ultimate blended effect.What else you need to know:After five years in development with makeup artists and fiber experts, MAKE UP FOR EVER Artisan Brushes are a revolution in brush craftsmanship. The 100-percent fiber brushes are available in a range of 76 handcrafted styles, each with the perfect balance of straight and wavy fibers that replicate natural hairs. Beveled tips create a two-in-one makeup brush and tool, while innovative hair density and brush head shapes optimize every stroke for ideal makeup application. To achieve the ultimate collection, every brush has gone through 25 production stages by 30 craftsmen and has been checked for quality 50 times.Ingredients-Brown Algae Extract: Hydrates soothes, and reduces redness.Mica, Isododecane, Isohexadecane, Cyclopentasiloxane, Silica, C13-15 Alkane, Octyldodecanol, Isopropyl Palmitate, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil, C30-45 Alkyl Cetearyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Boron Nitride, Dimethicone/ Vinyltrimethylsiloxysilicate Crosspolymer, Lauroyl Lysine, Alaria Esculenta Extract, Ascorbyl Glucoside, Tocotrienols, Tocopherol, Beta-Sitosterol, Elaeis Guineensis (Palm) Oil, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Squalene, Caprylyl Methicone, Flavor (Aroma), Propylene Carbonate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Potassium Sorbate, Phenoxyethanol, Caprylyl Glycol, Ethylhexylglycerin, Hexylene Glycol. May Contain [+/-]: Titanium Dioxide (CI 77891), Iron Oxides (CI 77491, 77492, 77499), Carmine (CI 75470), Red 7 Lake (CI 15850).
With their sleek faux-leather design and comfortable footbed, these wedge sandals are perfect for dressing up or down. technology Core Comfort Technology shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern flex soles take pressure off the foot construction synthetic upper synthetic sole details 2¾ heel ¾ platform open toe faux-leather look
Get ready for fun in the sun in style with our tank top, featuring a high neck, ladder back and a tie dye print. roundneck high neck ladder back tie dye print 19½-20¾ length polyester/rayon washable imported
This easy-match tee features a bold striped print and soft, durable cotton construction for all-day comfort and style. v-neck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Contrast stitching and studded accents add interest to our slide sandals, featuring Cushion Soft technology for effortless everyday comfort and an OrthoLite™footbed to absorb impact with every step.   technology•    Cushion Soft technology for effortless everyday comfort•    OrthoLite™ footbed absorbs impact with every step and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobialconstruction•    leather upper•    EVA soledetails•    1.5 heel•    3 hook-and-loop closures•    studded accents●    open toe  
Pair these skinny-leg pants with a dress shirt or polo for a preppy, school-ready look.   adjustable waist skinny fit side seam pockets welt back pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
From jeans to khakis, this belt can pull your look together.  35mm width polyurethane/split leather/bonded leather imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.
Infuse hints of tropical paradise into your footwear collection with these cotton-rich crew socks. cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6½-12
Make every meal more enticing with the brilliant, bold color of the Uno place setting.   its timeless shape and bold hue create a table setting that's tasteful and colorful mix and match your favorite Uno colors to create a one-of-a-kind collection crafted of a durable, high-quality porcelain perfect for traditional or modern table settings 4-piece place setting includes: dinner plate salad plate soup/cereal bowl mug Porcelain. Dishwasher and microwave safe. Imported.
Casual and comfortable, these shorts will match virtually any shirt in your closet. regular fit sits at waist flat front button fly 21 inseam 2 pockets cargo pocket on left leg 100% cotton washable imported
Flowy and fun, our sleeveless swing dress by Arizona is an easy addition to your stylish warm-weather wardrobe. roundneck back cutout approx. 32¾-38¾ length from shoulder polyester/rayon washable imported
Take your fandom to the next level with this handsome Star Wars® watch with a sleek black strap and amazing character dial. Brand: Star Wars®  Dial Color: Black and red Strap: Black case plastic link strap Movement: Quartz Model No.: 117865719 Special Features: Star Wars® dial Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You won't want warm weather to ever end so you can keep wearing our Skechers flip flops. technology goga mat technology construction synthetic upper synthetic sole
Elevate your style while keeping your feet firmly on the ground in our comfortably chic ballet-style flats by Call It Spring. synthetic upper back zip rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.  
This 10x15 cookie pan is the perfect size for everyday use when baking desserts or preparing a simple dinner. Use it to bake cookies or try using it for Rachael’s Buffalo Chicken Meatballs recipe, which is included with this pan.   long-lasting nonstick interior and exterior lets food slide off easily and makes cleanup a breeze extra-wide handles provide a confident grasp, even when using bulky potholders comfortable silicone grips add a splash of color to your kitchen oven safe to 500ºF Carbon steel. Dishwasher safe. Quality Assurance Guarantee. Imported.  
This whimsical pocket watch celebrates the pride you have for your one-of-a-kind family. Select family members—including pets—and personalize each with a name. Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Gold-tone metal alloy Clasp: Hook buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 10m Case Width: 51mm Case Thickness: ½ Bracelet Dimensions: 14½ long; 5mm wide Model No.: 41477-G Personalize: Up to 6 figures (man, woman, boy, girl, dog, cat); up to 7 characters per figure Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A contemporary, upscale way to serve guests libations, this finely crafted whiskey set is a quality addition to your barware collection. removable stopper on decanter decanter has a 26-ounce capacity; each glass has an 11-ounce capacity 5-piece set includes: 4 double old-fashioned glasses decanter Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
This adorable sleepwear has an allover print and coordinating lace trim accents in an empire-waist chemise. sleeveless empire waist rayon/spandex washable imported
These lovely trilogy cluster earrings are a statement of femininity and beauty. Each cluster consists of six round stones surrounding the center stone, lending the sweet shape of a flower.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K yellow gold Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds Back: Hinged Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our ankle pants feature a modern fit and tab waist for a sophisticated professional look. nylon zipper closure slim leg modern fit 26 inseam regular 25 inseam short 29 inseam long 25 inseam petites 30 inseam tall polyester/spandex washable imported
Carry your easygoing nature into the evening time with our simply chic trapeze dress in a comfortable knit. mockneck 38 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Featuring a fierce snakeskin pattern and lightweight, breathable fabrication, this adidas performance tee wins big, on and off the court. climalite moisture-wicking technology crewneck short sleeves washable imported
With a rugged look, slip into our Skechers thong sandals and achieve cool comfort anytime.   textile upper rubber sole 
Enjoy gourmet full-size oven performance on your kitchen counter with this digital countertop oven. It features nine pre-programmed functions for exceptional cooking results, including asado roast that adjusts temperature for superior roasting performance and pizza to deliver optimal crisping of crust. 9 pre-programmed functions: bake, pizza, asado roast, toast, broil, cookie, bagel, keep warm and reheat keep cooked food warm or toast up to six slices of bread at once adjustable rack Includes: 12 nonstick multipurpose pan 12 broiling rack cooling rack nonstick drip tray Stainless steel/metal. Measures 18x6x16.1x12.1H. Removable parts are dishwasher safe; wipe  housing clean. Imported. 
Slip resistant and waterproof, these rugged steel-toe work boots showcase Wolverine’s fine craftsmanship and rich history of making quality workwear. technology Contour Welt® construction MultiShox® removable full-cushion footbed construction leather/suede/synthetic upper wave mesh lining durable, slip-resistant rubber sole details pull on sturdy steel toe rated ASTM F2413-11 M 1/75 C/75 EH
Soft-touch warmth is more stylishly achieved in this colorblock quarter-zip from Dockers. rib-knit standup collar quarter zip with leather-look pull long sleeves 33¼“ sleeve length from center back neck rib-knit cuffs and hem acrylic washable imported
Designed with a soft knit outer and moisture-wicking fleece mask, this cozy balaclava offers comfort you can count on. 2 holes for eyes and mouth knit shell: acrylic mask: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported one size fits most
Show everyone just how radiant you are in our one-shoulder, illusion-neck dress, which boasts a long, slim cut and a lace top. sleeveless side zip 60 length from shoulder lined nylon/polyester hand wash, line dry imported   Returns: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
He’ll look slick for any special occasion with this dress shirt featuring a coordinated bow tie for an extra-special touch. includes shirt and pre-tied bow tie button-front chest pocket long sleeves Velcro®-closure bow tie shirt: cotton/polyester tie: polyester washable imported
Bring back the classics with this personalized pocket watch, which makes the perfect gift. Engrave the brushed-finish case with up to four initials at no charge.   white dial rhodium-plated brass chain quartz movement engrave with up to four initials, at no charge imported
Featuring a crochet yoke front and a darling exposed ruffle hem, this sleeveless sharkbite sundress will be one of her sunny-day favorites. roundneck high-low hem rayon polyester lining washable imoprted
Featuring an ultra-sheer leg and control top, our Berkshire pantyhose give you a hint of color and a smooth, firm look. control top for a smooth, firm look sandalfoot for open-toe shoes control top: nylon/LYCRA® spandex legs: nylon hand wash, line dry made in America 
Effortlessly chic, our silver-tone metallic knit top rocks a deep v-neck and wrap-style surplice hem in front, while a high-low back adds dramatic flair. surplice front hem approx. 24¾ - 26 front length nylon/polyester/metallic fibers/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
At work or play, these cotton-rich socks feature a touch of stretch for all-day comfort. package of 3 pairs soft cotton blend for breathability better fit with spandex seamless toe reinforced heel and toe for durability cotton/polyester/nylon/rubber/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6½-12
Add creativity and whimsy to your space in a unique way with this wall decal—just peel, stick and enjoy.   a quick, simple and affordable alternative to painting self-adhesive stickers are repositionable, so they're easy to use—and easy to remove when you want to change your look works best on dry, clean and smooth surfaces Vinyl. Decal sheet measures 5½x11H; includes 32 decals. Made in America.
A little shoulder goes a long way in our adorable Bisou Bisou cold-shoulder dress.   scoopneck cold shoulder short sleeves approx. 38 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
The braided armholes on our sleeveless muscle tee add some great detail to a simple shirt.  roundneck sleeveless polyester/rayon washable imported
There's nothing quite as versatile as our St. John's Bay long-sleeve button-front shirt. wrinkle free long sleeves button front approx. 29½ length 100% cotton washable imported
Subtle shine is yours with these genuine morganite and diamond hoop earrings set in soft rose gold.  Metal: 14K rose gold Stones: Genuine morganite Other Stones: 1/10 ct. t.w. diamonds Diamond Color: G-H Diamond Clarity: I1-I2 Back: Clip-top   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These 101 Dalmatians pajamas provide all-cotton comfort and hassle-free convenience for a heart-melting look all season. long sleeves ankle-to-chin snaps rib-knit cuffs tight fit 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
It doesn't get any more versatile than this comfy, cotton 4-pc. pajama set featuring both long and short-sleeve tops and two sets of pajama pants. Screen-printed slogan is perfect your little ladies man.   includes 1 long-sleeve top, 1 short-sleeve top, and 2 pants ribbed cuffs 100% cotton washable imported   For child’s safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Our paisley print blouse offers comfortable, easy-to-wear styling for a buttoned-up look. short sleeves notched collar 24 front length polyester washable imported
This classic Arizona midi shorts is the perfect essential for growing, warm-weather wardrobes. includes belt adjustable elasticized waist 5 inseam. Measurements relate to regular size 10, other sizes will vary zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling bull denim: cotton/spandex other colors: ramie/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Your little one can ride in comfort with this adjustable car seat, featuring 6-position recline, 10-position adjustable headrest and easy latch attachment for hassle-free transitions. rear and forward-facing modes one-hand harness automatically adjusts the height of the headrest and harness 10-position adjustable headrest harness storage compartment holds straps when not in use 6-position recline one-second latch attachment featuring In Right™ Latch system for children 4-120 lbs. 20x21.5x24H some assembly required, instructions included plastic wipe clean imported meets CPSIA/CPSC/CARB requirements
The light and flowy nature of our flutter-sleeve peasant top is perfect for your wardrobe. roundneck flutter sleeves approx. 29-30¼ length polyester washable imported
Fun and festive, this dinnerware set brings the beauty of a frosty forest and a jolly snowman to your holiday table setting.   durable porcelain construction microwave safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 10.5 dinner plates four 7 salad plates four 5.1 cereal bowls four 10-ounce mugs Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Bring the inimitable style of Martha Stewart into your home with the gentle look of the heavyweight Fairmount Basketweave cotton curtain panel with a polyester/cotton lining. Available in a wide array of harmonious colors, it creates a warm, welcoming ambiance that invites friends and family to linger.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart reduce heating and cooling costs by up to 30%* 100% cotton with 80% polyester/20% cotton lining 7 back tabs create soft pleats and front-facing folds without hooks 4 rod pocket accommodates a variety of rod sizes 3 bottom hem; 1 side hem MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at JCPenney Sold individually. 4 rod pocket. Cotton with polyester/cotton lining. Dry clean. Imported. *Cost savings represent the relative cost of heating or cooling an area to account for heat lost or gained through a window. Savings reflect comparison to a bare single-pane window.
true This manual defrost freezer offers an upfront water drain to conveniently drain water during defrosting. In addition, it has three convenient slide-out bulk baskets for organization and storage flexibility. 15.6 cu. ft. capacity manual defrost with water drain adjustable temperature control 4 slide-out bulk baskets interior LED lighting lock with key second level rail allows easy access to sliding baskets at different heights power on light recessed handles 
Add just the right amount of sparkle to any outfit with the elegant simplicity of this sterling silver cubic zirconia circle pendant necklace. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silverStones: Cubic zirconiaClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long cable chainPendant Size:  16.5x14.6x25.9mm long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The must-have pair for the girl-on-the-go, our Bungee sneakers by Skechers are ready for whatever activities that come your way.   technology Resalyte™ sole for impact absorption construction durabuck/mesh upper rubber sole details bungee cord closure  
The vibrant print and flattering styling of our v-neck swimdress will keep you feeling confident and comfortable throughout the season. soft cups partially lined nylon/LYCRA® spandex hand wash, line dry imported
The subtle design of our Sydna table lamps brings a sophisticated style to any home. set of 2 antique black finish fabric shade 3-way switch 1 type A bulb not included 150 watts max or CFL 25 watts max 15x15x29H clean with a soft, dry cloth imported Signature Design by Ashley® is a registered trademark of Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.
He'll be ready for his first big game after sleeping in our comfy cotton gowns. includes 2 gowns expandable shoulders long sleeves foldover cuffs cinched hem 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garments should fit snugly. These garments are not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Your little princess will love wearing this colorful graphic tee.   Disney Collection only at JCPenney cotton washable imported
Our denim Bermuda shorts give you all the flirty fun of jean shorts in a classic style. 5-pocket styling 8¾ inseam cotton/Lycra® spandex washable imported
Wear this vibrant piece of arm candy for some colorful charm and endless compliments.   Metal: Imitation rhodium metalDimensions: 2.5 wideJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Relax in the cozy comfort of our huggably sweet embroidered fleece sweater. mockneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Featuring a bold and eye-catching print, our cap-sleeve sheath dress makes a flashy and fun statement. crewneck invisible back zip 39 length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
With chenille fabric on one side and blue matte sateen on the other, this Euro pillow is perfect for adding two versatile looks to your bed. cord trim detailing sateen weave measures 26x26 Sold individually. Polyester with polyester back. Spot clean. Imported.  
Combining functionality with modern style, our contemporary 3-tier television stand features convenient storage space underneath. stainless steel clad poles are rust-resistant particle board construction faux woodgrain melamine with durable veneer finish 3 easy-access shelves for media storage fits up to a 32 television 31.5x15.75x22.25H assembly required wipe clean with dry cloth imported
Top off your laidback look with this brushed cotton canvas baseball cap, featuring an adjustable back strap for the perfect fit every time. 2-layer silicon patch on center front unstructured design adjustable back strap with woven loop label 100% cotton spot clean imported  
Our cute and casual swing tank top is a flowy and fun fit for your warm-weather look. v-neck rayon/polyester washable imported
Featuring a beaded waist and delicate lace detail, our fit-and-flare cocktail dress is perfect for your stylish wardrobe. roundneck back zip closure 42 length from shoulder cotton/nylon polyester lining dry clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Our Possibilities fabric furniture program gives you the freedom to create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement. Simply choose your fabric, then select your pieces from the versatile collection of Possibilities sofas, chairs, chaises, corner pieces, sleepers and more.   oak and plywood frame removable and reversible foam cushions removable feet Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester/linen blend; 92% polyester/8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. 3-piece sectional has a 20H seat and includes: Wedge (50x50x36H)  Left-arm sleeper sofa (68x39x36H) Right-arm sofa (68x39x36H) Made in America of imported materials. All colors are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance. 
The tight fit of our Nike Capri-length pants gives you a more comfortable and flattering fit and feel for workouts and relaxation. capri-length tight fit Dri-FIT 19 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
The soft silhouette and lace shoulder detail will make our sleeveless peasant top an instant favorite. v-neck sleeveless tie front 28 length polyester hand wash, line dry imported
Stylish carpenter shorts offer everyday comfort and a rugged, ready-to-work style that's as tough as you need them to be.   zip front with button closure 2 front slash pockets front coin pocket 2 oversized back pockets 2 leg pockets hammer loop 11 inseam cotton washable imported  
Bring your favorite hot brew with you no matter where you go with the large-capacity Bunn push-button airpot coffee and tea dispenser.   enjoy a hot beverage on the go, with coworkers or family and friends glass insulation keeps coffee or tea warm for hours holds up to 2.2 liters (74 ounces) just close lid after brewing and dispenser pumps out 4-ounces at the first pump brew-through pump insert for easy brewing and cleaning    carrying handle for easy portability sleek chrome finish with black trim Stainless steel. Measures 7¾x 5½x15H. Hand wash. Imported.
From the waterproof toe construction to the padded leather collar, these lace-up men’s work boots are heavy duty over-the-ankle protection.   technology ArmorTek™ guard for durability MultiShox® removeable cushioned footbed MultiShox® rubber lug outsole Wolverine Contour Welt® construction for flexibility composite toe rated ASTM F2413-11 M I/75 C/75 EH construction leather upper rubber sole details 8” shaft height lace up removable cushioned footbed polyurethane midsole wave mesh lining
Whip up fluffy and delicious Belgian waffles in a snap with this retro-inspired flip waffle maker retro 50's-style round Belgian waffle maker die-cast aluminum griddle for even heating non-stick cooking surface adjustable temperature control to make waffle light and fluffy or crispy metal/plastic wipe clean 9.29x16.77x9.29H imported
Our tunic features mixed media and side slits for a unique look. roundneck sleeveless zipper at center back knit
Get your daily dose of pink with this blushing beauty of a ring. A rose gold setting holds a cushion-cut genuine morganite surrounded by pink sapphires and diamonds.   Metal: 14K rose gold Stones: Cushion-cut genuine morganite Other Stones: Round genuine pink sapphires and 1/7 ct. t.w. round diamonds Gallery Height: 4.6mm Dimensions: 21x23.4mm Size: 7 only   Ring is only available at jcp.com in size 7. Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Be a trend-setter in these high heel booties, featuring a faux suede strappy silhouette.●    faux suede upper●    3½  chunky heel●    4½ shaft height●    10 shaft circumference●    round toe●    back zip entry●    synthetic upperMeasurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
These sharkskin suit pants give your look luster with a resilient, washable fabric that won’t get road-weary. wrinkle-resilient fabric classic fit zip fly with hook-and-eye closure flat front front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets hemmed shell: wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported
The classic pineapple-shape finial and traditional collar statement on this curtain rod comes with a touch of intricacy in the form of eye-catching burnishing details.  1 diameter metal rod subtle beauty of the Darjeeling bronze finish offers a unique accent statement to any classically inspired decor a graceful collar treatment hugs and highlights the sleek pineapple finial design coordinates elegantly with either patterned or monotone window coverings pairs perfectly with Umbra Capella holdbacks and nickel clip rings add 4 to each end for finials; allow 3 clearance for rod mounting hardware included holdbacks and clip rings sold separately Steel/resin. Imported.
Fit & Fresh Go Bakeware offers exceptional performance for entertaining, especially away from home. Designed with revolutionary insulation technology, this bakeware will keep your favorite recipes warm or chilled for hours and ready to serve whenever you are. attractive design brings the insulating performance right to the serving table lightweight, stain-resistant EVA foam top provides extra insulation in transit and stores conveniently under the unit while serving 9x13 tempered glass dish goes right from the oven into the carrier glass dish is oven, microwave and freezer safe spill-proof design with locking lid ensures your food arrives intact and ready to serve see-through, hinged lid maintains freshness and includes a writable surface to label foods included carry tote makes it easy to transport with one hand all components are BPA free and easy to clean Includes: 9x13 tempered glass dish with 3-quart capacity base locking cover EVA foam top Plastic/glass/foam. Measures 17¾x11¼x4H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Buckle up in style with our versatile Arizona reversible belt.   reverses from black to brown imitation leather imported
A little bit of stretch denim goes a long way in these comfortable jeans that give you great movement from The Foundry Supply Co. relaxed straight fit zip closure 5-pocket style hemmed straight leg cotton/elastane washable imported
  The classic game of real estate empire comes to Ireland. Sell, trade and dominate the Emerald Isle.   2-6 players ages 8+ imported
Take control of your comfort again with this temperature-controlling, adjustable-friendly mattress featuring a super-plush top layer of upholstery for enhanced cushioning. 725 individually wrapped coil system with Total Edge® foam encasement quilted topper features Cool Balance® fabric for temperature control Fireblocker® fiber layer adds fire resistance Pillo-Fill® layer helps maintain airflow 1 PillowSoft™ foam layer adds extra comfort insulator pad provides additional temperature regulation 2¾ Comfort XD™ foam layer adds superior cushioning ½ Cool Twist™ gel memory foam layer keeps the mattress cool 1 support foam layer adds extra support and firmness Cover is polyester. Made in America. Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Includes mattress only. Mattress plus box spring option also available. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer. Twin: 38x74½x12H; 432 coil count Twin XL: 38x79½x12H; 464 coil count Full: 53x74½x12H; 594 coil count Queen: 60x79½x12H; 725 coil count King: 76x79½x12H; 928 coil count Cal. King: 72x83½x12H; 930 coil count
When it comes to enjoying your favorite coffee, cappuccino, tea or latte, these mugs remind you to never settle for less than perfect flavor.   durable porcelain construction design features rose gold text over a black background easy-grip handles each has a 12-ounce capacity microwave safe set of 4 Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Turn tap water into soda or sparkling water in seconds with the fun, easy-to-use SodaStream Jet home soda maker.   no carrying, storing and disposing of store-bought bottles and cans fizz to your taste and add the flavor of your choice choose from a variety of flavors to make your favorite drink slim design fits nicely on any countertop automatic access gas release mechanism fits extra-large carbonators customized carbonation level easy-to-clean drip tray no batteries, no electricity and no cleanup fits both 60-liter and 130-liter CO2 carbonators includes 1 reusable 1-liter BPA-free carbonating bottle and 1 reusable 60-liter CO2 carbonator (makes up to 60 liters of soda) Flavor mixes sold separately. Includes one reusable, BPA-free carbonating bottle and one reusable CO2 carbonator.    
With the comfort of fleece and the convenience of cargo pockets, these pants keep you prepped and prepared for anything that comes your way.   elastic waist with drawstring two side cargo pockets with self-adhesive closure two side-seam pockets left leg swoosh open bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
This down-alternative comforter will keep you cozy and comfortable for late night dreams or mid-day naps.   baffle-box construction inhibits fibers from shifting 300 thread-count cotton cover with floral jacquard pattern hypoallergenic filled with synthetic down fibers that emulate the highest-quality European white goose down Cotton cover with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: 66x88 Full/Queen: 90x94 King: 108x98
From the fine rims to the beautiful clarity, improve your drinking experience with every elegant detail in this set of tumblers by Luigi Bormioli.   machine blown in Italy glass made from Luigi Bormioli’s SON.hyx® formula each glass has 13½-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Each glass measures 4¼”H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
This rug blends classical and modern with a crisp clarity of design. The rich pigments are master batch dyed for lasting color. power-loomed flat weave construction durable polypropylene crafted in Turkey .05 overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton backing Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly. Professionally cleaning recommended. Origin: Imported
Show off your love of color with the soft tones of this floral print women’s watch.   Dial Color: Floral print Strap: Aqua leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 25mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8¾” long, 11mm wide Model No.: RY4951GDAQ Special Features: gold-tone case Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our quirky camera pendant, with colorful enameling and sparkling rhinestones, goes picture-perfect with your favorite styles. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: RhinestonesClosure: Lobster claspDimension: 32 long curb chainPendant Size: 15x22mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These Sun Zero Stratton blackout curtain panels are created using tightly woven yarns which results in panels with superior light-blocking and noise-reducing properties.   helps keep your home cooler in the summer and warmer in the winter tightly woven yarns results in superior light-blocking blocks light and noise for a better night's sleep easy-to-slide grommets make hanging and styling easy Sold individually. Hang on a rod up to 1½ in diameter. Polyester. Washable. Imported. 
This soft, quilted skater dress rocks on its own or with a treasure trove of accessories. crewneck sleeveless polyester/spandex washable imported
Our essential shorts come with classic fit, 5-pocket style, a touch of stretch, plus a versatile roll cuff so you can adjust the length to your liking. ●    classic fit●    midrise●    5-pocket style●    5 unrolled inseam●    zip fly with button closure●    cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
You will stun in our sleeveless halter maxi dress, elegantly designed with crochet details.  high neck halter sleeveless elastic waist 60 length from shoulder lined polyester/rayon washable imported
Made from breezy chiffon and ponte knit, our sleeveless sharkbite sundress is distinctly modern and fun to wear. roundneck sleeveless polyester/rayon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
With a sporty attitude, our zip-front jacket is built for comfort while giving you lots of layering options at the gym, sporting activities or casual events. knit band collar side pockets approx. 28¾ length cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Cool, casual and comfortable, are short-sleeve sleep tee by Ambrielle infuses little hints of luxury into dream time. v-neck rayon/spandex washable imported
Euro sham coordinates with the Sanibel comforter set and accessories from Croscill Classics®.   pintuck detailing on face features a flanged edge measures 26x26 Requires a square pillow form, also available at jcp.com. Cotton/linen/polyester. Dry clean. Imported.
Our Maidenform Natural Boost bra adds one full cup size to your feminine silhouette while keeping a smooth, natural look under your clothes.   adjustable straps back smoothing padded underwire cups nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #9428
While any Liz Claiborne t-shirt is a grand addition to your wardrobe, this lace overlay t-shirt is a must.   scoopneck short sleeves approx. 26½ length cotton/polyester overlay: polyester washable imported
Perfect for your kitchen or small dining room, this dining set features a sleek finish and transitional, functional design.   deep espresso finish transitional, functional design extra storage shelf underneath table comfortable non-swivel parson counter stools with beige faux leather seats Rubberwood table with rubberwood/vinyl stools. Ready to assemble. Imported. 4 parson stools: 17.5x20.5x39.3 table: 42x42x36
Metal: Grey and black ion-plated (IP) stainless steel Stones: Round diamond accents Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Band Width: 8mmSome diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Make your old sofa look new again with this slipcover featuring an ultra-soft, waffle-textured fabric.   form-fitting three-piece construction hugs your furniture and stays tucked in stretch fabric with a touch of spandex for a semi-custom fit durable, easy-care fabric useful when redecorating and coordinating existing furniture to new paint, carpets, window treatments and more use with separate, non-attached seat cushion(s) Designed to fit a 36-40H sofa with an overall width (outside arm to outside arm) of 74-96, and a seat cushion depth of 26. Polyester/spandex. Washable. Imported.  
Our Worthington t-shirt is a soft and feminine addition to your t-shirt collection and will quickly earn the position of favorite. scoopneck short sleeves approx. 27 length polyester/ spandex washable imported
Sleek and sophisticated, our high heel boots offer a feminine approach to a strong trend. Also available in wide calf. faux-leather upper 3 heel 16 shaft height regular shaft: 15 shaft circumference wide-calf: 17 shaft circumference buckle accents round toe fabric lining slightly padded footbed rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
Great for reading, playing video games or watching TV, this comfy chair features folding arms, an adjustable base and full 2.1 wireless stereo sound system with subwoofer. sturdy metal frame cushions filled with upholstery foam ergonomic seating position forward-facing speakers with headrest separate volume and bass controls plays music from any source with headset or RCA outputs 250-pound weight capacity Upholstery is vinyl. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 31Wx23Dx38H. Assembly required. Imported.
Featuring eco-friendly bamboo on one side and an opposite side crafted of polyethylene, this board can be flipped over and used again and again for slicing and dicing various fruits and veggies and other types of food preparation.   made from polyethylene and bamboo, a renewable resource bamboo is harder and denser than most hardwoods like maple constructed to reduce the risk of warping, stabilizing the board for years of use no artificial dyes or stains 2-sided design naturally antimicrobial triple-ply cross laminate construction for durability convenient carry handle Polyethylene/bamboo. Measures 15x12x1/2”H. Wipe clean with soap and water. Imported.
Featuring vibrant blue geometric flowers, these statement-making earrings a must-have for accessorizing.   Metal: Silver-tone metalBacking: WireDimensions: 1x1 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A graphic print featuring the Zoo York logo across the chest makes our heather tee a cool casual choice.  crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
The high-low hem of our swing tee provides a flowing silhouette that can be casual or dressed up. v-neck approx. 27¼-30” front length approx. 30¼-33” back length black marl, white, hauterpurple and boardwalk blue: rayon/polyester all others: polyester/rayon washable imported
Bring Latin-inspired flavor to your table with this set of dinner plates with assorted colors and bright stripes that circle each plate.   perfect for everyday use or special occasions microwave safe set of 4 Earthenware. Each measures 11 in diameter. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Introducing smart socks that adapt to temperature and environment to keep feet dry and comfortable all day long. cushioned foot bottom for all-day comfort extra durable reinforced gray heel and toe X-Temp technology adapts to temperature and activity wicking helps keep feet cool & dry mesh panels on top of foot provide ventilation spandex provides better fit and helps sock stay in place cotton/polyester/latex washable sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12 imported
Polished silver-plated squiggle ring with an artistic curve goes right along with your unique personality. Metal: Silver-plated brass Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
What it is:A creamy, waterproof eyeliner supercharged with pure pigments. What it does: The soft and creamy formula of Modster Eyeliner glides on effortlessly, allows enough time for blending, then sets to a long-lasting finish that won’t budge. The formula is soft enough to glide-on easily yet firm enough to draw thin, precise lines.The pigment level has been maxed out to achieve a color payoff that is second to none.Suggested UsagePrecautions:-Put cap back on after use.Size:0.04 ozIngredients​-Volatile Oil: Adds glide to the formula, then evaporates to set for along-lasting finish.-Silicone Oil: Adds glide to the formula and contains moisturizing properties.-Nylon 12: Provides a silky smooth, creamy texture.-Carnauba Wax: Increases long-lasting wear.Isododecane, Synthetic Wax, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Hydrogenated Polydicyclopentadiene, PEG/PPG-18/18 Dimethicone, Polybutene, Glyceryl Tribehenate / Isostearate / Eicosandioate, Nylon-12, Polyethylene, Perfluorononyl Dimethicone, Polyglyceryl-4 Diisostearate / Polyhydroxystearate / Sebacate, Synthetic Beeswax, Pentaerythrityl Tetra-Di-T-Butyl Hydroxyhydrocinnamate, Copernicia Cerifera (Carnauba) Wax (Copernicia Cerifera Cera), Mica (CI77019), Iron Oxides (CI77491, CI77492, 77499), Titanium Dioxide (CI77891).
These are pants you'll want to wear 7 days a week. They're great for work because they look sharp and resist wrinkles
Start with a sleek foundation and don our sleeveless striped top for your essential workwear-chic look. sleeveless roundneck approx. 22½ - 24½ front length polyester washable imported
Rugged bridle leather with rivet and stitch detail make this Levi’s belt an easy choice, any day. bridle construction single-stitch detail rivet detail 1½ wide                   100% genuine leather                                 spot clean imported For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size.   
Your happy girl will be anything but frozen when she's wrapped up in this colorful Anna, Elsa and Olaf blanket. 30x45 polyester washable imported
You'll love the comfortable feel and stylish raw edge of our cropped jeans from Arizona. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket style lowrise straight, cropped leg 24 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Laser-cut details and a thick comfy footbed with wedge heel give these sandals an adorable look you'll wear again and again. construction synthetic upper rubber sole details 2⅛ wedge heel lasercut strap details comfortable molded footbed adjustable ankle strap
Toss this bright suzani-patterned pillow on your chaise lounge or in your patio seating area for a pop of color. It's water repellant and fade resistant, making it the perfect accent piece for your outdoor living space. fade resistant water repellant polyester with polyester fill spot clean 17x17 filled and finished in America with imported materials
Chill out on the streets or down by the water with our Vanphibian hybrid shorts. zip fly with button closure side cargo pocket flat front 21 outseam polyester/elastane washable imported
What it is:An intensely moisturizing face oil that combines SK-II heart, Pitera™, with nourishing oils to create a superior dry skin elixir.What it is formulated to do:SK-II has perfected the delicate but miraculous balance of oils and Pitera to deliver ultimate hydration to dry skin. By combining Pitera with a nourishing oils complexincluding naturally-derived Mediterranean olive oil, Latin American jojoba oil, South African avocado oil, Japanese Riceterol Ester and rice bran oil, and squaleneit targets dry skin caused by extreme cold and dry conditions and harmful environmental stressors. It contains fragrant lavender and carrot heart notes to provide a calming scent that soothes the senses.Research results:In a use test on 58 women, after a single application: - 98% of women felt their skin is moisturized immediately - 95% of women felt their skin looks radiant immediately - 91% of women felt it provides long-lasting moisturization - 88% of women felt it provides intense moisturization Suggested Usage:-Shake well before each use to ensure oil is evenly mixed. -Pour a few drops (about five to seven drops) onto palm and smooth evenly over face. -Apply before beauty serum.Size:1.6 ozIngredients:Galactomyces Ferment Filtrate*, Squalane, Simmondsia Chinensis Seed Oil/Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil, Persea Gratissima (Avocado) Oil, Olea Europaea Fruit Oil/OleaEuropaea (Olive) Fruit Oil, Oryza Sativa Bran Oil/Oryza Sativa (Rice) Bran Oil, Water, Glycerin, Butylene Glycol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Phytosteryl Oleate, Sodium Benzoate, PVP, Methylparaben, Benzyl Alcohol, Phenoxyethanol, Disodium EDTA, Sodium Hyaluronate, Xanthan Gum, Tocopherol, Fragrance, Linalool. *Pitera.
Brand: Disney CollectionDial Color: WhiteStrap: Orange nylonClasp: Hoop and loopMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 30mCase Width: 32mmCase Thickness: 9mmBracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long; 16mm wideModel No.: W003091Special Features: Easy reader   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
He’ll have a blast running all over the galaxy with the extra comfy Skechers Star Wars™ R2D2™ Damager light-up sneakers.   midsole lights blink with every step synthetic/leather/fabric upper all-terrain traction sole Star Wars™ Classic design EVA sole
With style unique enough to match yours, our hoop earrings feature 14k yellow, white and rose gold hoops resting within one another. Metal: 14K yellow, white and rose goldBack: HingeDimensions: 16x23mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Add body and volume to your hair with the Hot Tools 1¼ curling iron, which creates large, loose curls quickly and easily.   patented Pulse Technology for fast, variable heat up to 430°; gets hot fast to reduce styling time, increase hold and add shine 24K gold-plated barrel with powerful spring clamp and extra-long cool tip soft-grip textured handle; fold-away safety stand includes 2 replacement springs JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Soft and stretchy knit pajama pants from Van Heusen help make your lounge-around time more relaxing. sits at waist big and tall fit elastic waist with drawstring hidden button fly side-seam pockets flat front hemmed cotton/polyester washable imported
Skip the iron with this wrinkle warrior sheet set—pull them right out of the dryer and get them back on the bed, saving you time and energy.   cotton 400 thread count fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 18 deep washable imported   set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Full and queen sets include standard pillowcases. King and cal. king sets include king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases are sold separately.      
Top off your most festive looks with this warm, Christmas-themed beanie. acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
When it's time for an urban update, the Blake comforter set has all the modern elements you need to create the perfect retreat.   oversized plaid pattern in black and gray with a hint of red easy-care, yarn-dyed cotton face solid-color percale fabric on back 2-piece Twin comforter set includes: comforter sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King comforter set includes: comforter  2 shams Twin set includes a standard sham. Full/Queen set includes standard shams. King set includes king shams. Cotton comforter with polyester fill; cotton shams. Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 72x92 Full/Queen: comforter is 92x92 King: comforter is 106x94
Get ahead of the pack with this versatile digital watch and its high-performing features as well as incredibly accurate quartz movement.   Brand: Timex      Strap: White resin Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 34mm Case Thickness: 12.2.mm Model No.: T5K806M6 Special Features: Stopwatch
Your ring finger never looked so good. This 18-diamond prong-set wedding band truly reflects the beauty of each stone by minimalizing the presence of metal so more light can pass through.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K white gold Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: H-I Clarity: SI2-I1 Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 2.5mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Patchwork sections of plaids and stripes make up the quilt and sham design in this quilt set. The rustic pattern is inspired by the great outdoors and offers inspiring design details for any bedroom. patchwork plaid and stripes striped on back 2-piece Twin set includes: quilt sham 3-piece Full/Queen or King set includes: quilt 2 shams Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King set includes king shams. Cotton quilt with cotton/polyester fill; cotton shams and bedskirt. Washable. Imported. Twin: quilt is 68x88; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: quilt is 90x90; shams are 26x20 King: quilt is 104x96; shams are 36x20
Commanding attention with a one-of-a-kind aged look, this exquisitely detailed bed, chest and nightstands add alluring style to any home. acacia wood construction butt-joint joinery each nightstand features 1 drawers and 1 shelf chest features 4 storage drawers queen bed: 66Wx92Dx56H king bed: 82Wx92Dx56H each nightstand: 24Wx21Dx28H chest: 36Wx20Dx36H assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed imported
A vintage-style graphic lends rugged appeal to this comfy, all-cotton tee. crewneck short sleeves ribbed neckline jersey knit fabric 100% cotton washable imported
Enjoy breakfast in bed with this beautiful tray featuring bamboo construction and a classic design. bamboo hand wash 20.9x13x8.3H imported
Make your space calm and serene with our duvet set that features a soft, allover quilting and embroidery patterns. tonal gray color matches decor easily center floral design creates unique focal point brushed twill on both sides coordinating accessories sold separately 100% cotton washable twin duvet: 72x90 full/queen duvet: 90x90 king duvet: 106x90 imported
Bring an effortlessly modern aesthetic to your home bar and create fantastic cocktails for every occasion with this shaker. sturdy stainless steel construction rings of brushed and polished finishes leak-proof lid and cap 24-ounce capacity Stainless steel. Hand wash. Imported.
Designed for stylish comfort, this faux-leather accent chair features individually placed silver-tone nailheads and a distinct barrel shape.   hand-carved birch frame black noir finish glued, stapled and corner-blocked joinery high-density foam cushioning kiln-dried birch legs Upholstery is 65% polyurethane/24% polyester/11% cotton. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 28Wx32Wx30H overall with a 20 seat height, 22 seat depth and 12 seat back height. Assembly required. Made in America.
Brand: JBWDial Color: GreenAccents: Diamond accentStrap: Gold-tone stainless steelMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 14mmCase Thickness: 46mmBracelet Dimensions: 8.5 long; 22mm wideModel No.: J6287ISpecial Features: Date function Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A sweet canvas swim hat with woven embroidery that will keep their face shielded from the sun.  cotton hand wash, line dry imported
Push yourself to new limits in our lightweight Nike running shoes equipped with a natural motion design to emulate your foot's natural movement. technology natural motion design low profile, responsive ride construction synthetic/mesh upper asymmetrical/anatomical upper design Phylon midsole rubber modified waffle outsole details lightweight and breathable upper design natural motion design emulates the foot's natural movement ergonomic sculpted outsole provides flexibility
The perfect size for individual portions, these salad plates can double for luncheon or dessert plates.   crafted in Portugal soft neutral color transparent glaze lets the beauty of earthenware shine through versatile enough for both special occasions and casual use microwave safe set of 4 Earthenware. Each salad plate measures 9¼ in diameter. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
As you would expect, this wallet is built to last in sturdy pebble-grained leather.   2 currency pockets 10 card slots id window rubber logo patch leather spot clean imported
Look sharp and keep the sun out of your eyes with these St. John's Bay sunglasses perfect for the beach or cruising around. UV protection metal spot clean imported
Give her the cute preppy look of a pleated skirt with the coverage and comfort of shorts in our pleated skort. elastic waistband decorative tab and buttons at waist front pleats attaché shorts polyester washable imported
This 2.5-quart sauce pan offers PFOA-free ceramic nonstick for extra-easy food release and cleaning. durable hard-anodized aluminum long stainless steel handle stays cool rounded corners for stirring methods oven safe up to 450°F tempered glass lid allows easy viewing hand wash imported
Whether you’re hitting the gym or running to catch a flight, you’ll feel comfortable and look good in these men’s drawstring pants. regular fit sits at waist flat front elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets straight leg polyester washable imported
Spend your days sporting one of the most beloved and recognized logos in film with this soft cotton tee from Fifth Sun. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
This graphic trapeze tank top is full of personality, just like her. sleeveless roundneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Our tee features a Batman graphic for a cool, casual look.  crewneck short sleeves regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
Cause a sensation in our high heel sandals with alluring cut-out detailing and a captivating ankle strap. cutout detailing synthetic upper rubber sole
Get drier faster and protect your skin from the sun with these Speedo swim trunks that feature sun protection and a quick-drying, brushed microfiber fabric. Block the Burn® UPF 50+ sun protection VaporPLUS™ quick-drying fabric relaxed fit full elastic waist side-seam pockets interior key pocket cargo side pocket mesh liner 9 inseam polyester washable imported
Featuring a plush blanket and a soft giraffe security doll, this huggable set will be a naptime dream includes camo blanket and giraffe security doll. 30x36 polyester washable imported
What it is: A illuminating, shine-reducing loose powder that can brighten and/or set makeup. What it does: Get the power to brighten and set makeup with one formula. This multipurpose powder can be used to set makeup or brighten targeted areas. The universally flattering shade works for most skin tones. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens What else you need to know: This product can be used with a sponge or fluffy brush to achieve desired setting powder or brightening effect. Traditionally known as banana powder, the formula works on most complexion tones without looking either shimmery or ashy. Suggested Usage: -Dip brush/sponge into formula. -Lightly tap off excess before apply to face. -Sweep all over face to set makeup, or pat onto targeted areas to brighten. Precautions: -For best results, make sure skin is moisturized before application. Size:0.28 ozIngredients:Zea Mays (Corn) Starch, Silica, Mica, Zinc Stearate, CI 77492 (Iron Oxides), 1,2-Hexanediol, Caprylyl Glycol, CI 19140 (Yellow 5 Lake).
Our tee is made from ultra-comfy cotton and features a graphic print and Columbia logo on the left sleeve for a cool, casual look.  crewneck short sleeves regular fit 100% cotton washable imported
This QuietWear Half Mask is the perfect hunting accessory to keep your face warm without obstructing your view.  breathable technology over the mouth neoprene/polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
The cotton comfort of this Nike tee makes it ideal for all-day activity for your hoops-crazed youngster. crewneck 100% cotton washable imported  
With fringe bottom detailing, this tank is the perfect way to take her look from simple to sweet. roundneck fringe bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
She'll be extra dainty in this pleated yoke dress with scalloped hem and cheerful floral embroidery along the skirt. sleeveless back button placket cinched waist 100% cotton
With the short-sleeve slub woven shirt, you won’t think twice when choosing a favorite 100% cotton, breathable and versatile piece for work and play. spread collar left chest button pocket relaxed, loose fit 100% cotton washable imported
Our Stafford classic-fit pants are perfect for your workday wear or dressy-casual weekend wear.●    wrinkle-free●    zip fly with button closure●    straight leg●    classic fit●    polyester●    washable●    imported  
Our Bermuda shorts feature a comfy elastic waist and allover floral print, making them a warm-weather must-have.  elastic waist 2 patch back pockets mid rise 14 inseam when unrolled, measures 12 inseam when rolled up cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
With ClimaLite moisture-wicking control, our cushioned no-show socks feature extended arch compression for greater support. package of 3 pairs ClimaLite construction welt cuffs for durability graduated stripe detail ring spun fabric polyester/cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 5-10
What it is:A hair mask enriched with desert date for in-depth repair of very dry, damaged, and brittle hair.What it is formulated to do: Klorane Mask with Desert Date is an intensive hair mask that helps to deeply repair and regenerate dehydrated and devitalized hair. Desert date, rich in lipids and proteins, provides its repairing properties, while keratin strengthens and restructures the hair, leaving each strand feeling hydrated and restored.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates What else you need to know:This product is free of silicone and was not tested on animals.Suggested Usage:-Apply mask section by section to towel-dried hair. -Leave in for five minutes, comb through, and rinse-out. -For a deep treatment, leave on for 20 minutes, wrap in a warm towel, and then rinse. -Use the mask once a week as a deep treatment or more frequently for very damaged hair. Precautions:-In case of contact with eyes, rinse thoroughly. Size:5.07 ozIngredients:​ -Desert Date: Repairs, restores, and strengthens natural keratin. -Wheat Protein: Strengthens the keratin structure. Water, Diisopropyl Adipate, Glycol Palmitate, Behenyl Alcohol, Ricinus Communis (Castor) Seed Oil (Ricinus Communis Seed Oil), Behentrimonium Chloride, Propylene Glycol, Balanites Aegyptiaca Seed Extract, BHT, Caramel, Cetearyl Alcohol, Cetearyl Glucoside, Fragrance, Guar Hydroxypropyltrimonium Chloride, Hydrolyzed Wheat Protein, Inulin Lauryl Carbamate, Isopropyl Alcohol, Lactic Acid, Limonene, Maltodextrin, Phenoxythanol, Salicylic Acid, Sodium Benzoate, Sorbic Acid, Tocopherol, Yellow 6 (Cl 15985).
You'll go delirious looking at all the swirls of diamonds on this ring. A round center stone is haloed by more round diamonds, while the gently graceful curves of white gold hold even more precious stones. Metal: 14K white gold Stones: 1 ct. t.w. round diamonds, including a ⅜ ct. center stone Color: H-I Clarity: I1 Setting: Prong, pave and nick Gallery Height: 7.1mm Dimensions: 20.65x25.5mm long Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
You work hard, but your clothes shouldn't show it. Look and feel comfortable all day in our chino pants that boast stretch fabric that keeps up with your active agenda while still providing that classic style you want. available only at JCPenney Quick-Dri technology UV protection button waist and zip fly sits at waist flat front regular fit side pockets and 2 back welt pockets 30-32 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
The lightweight Nike Layup 2.0 men's basketball shorts have an 11 inseam for coverage that won't limit mobility. The elastic waistband with an internal drawstring gives you a personalized, secure fit and the swoosh design trademark is embroidered on the left hem. regular fit sits at waist flat front elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets 11 inseam polyester washable imported
Make an impression with this standout men's watch with silver-tone round dial and metal link strap. Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: Silver-toneStrap: Silver-tone metal linkClasp: FoldoverMovement: QuartzCase Width: 44mmCase Thickness: 9mmBracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 22mm wideModel No.: 53106 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add a touch of texture to your favorite space with this roman shade that accents any room nicely. lift cord back has inaccessible cord liner 6 fabric valance Sold individually. Polyester shade with PVC headrail. Window must be 1¼ deep for inside mount; 1⅝ deep for flush inside mount. Mounting hardware included. Clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
V-waist string bikini panties in allover lace will give any outfit a luxe foundation. nylon/spandex washable imported
Although it's easy to think your cat hangs out in one position, this pet mat will show you the others you might be missing out on.   protects floors underneath pet dishes or by the kitchen sink indoor/outdoor use perfect for any pet lover or pet liquid resistant nonskid latex backing rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces Cotton/polyester with latex backing. Machine wash, dry flat. Imported.
Accessorize your look with the chic appeal of this tiered illusion necklace featuring jet and indigo beading.   Metal: Black-tone metal Stones: Black and blue glass beads Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 18 long chain with 2 extender   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
He will have many hours of playtime in our 5-pocket denim shorts, constructed with classic styling and durable denim. flat front 5-pocket style zip fly with button closure adjustable elastic waistband 2 back spade pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Our cute elbow-sleeve crochet shrug adds that feminine finishing touch to any ensemble you assemble.  elbow sleeves acrylic washable imported
Our tank top features embroidery along the yoke and a tassel on the front for an extra-girly look.  v-neck embroidered details tassel on front 25 1/2 length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
What it is:A waterproof, twist-up inner rim eyeliner for triple-black pigment and precise definition to enhance the appearance of lash volume. What it does:Tarte’s lights, camera, lashes closeup lash liner creates a tight line along the upper and lower lashes to bring dramatic definition to eyes. The 12-hour wear, high-performance liner creates a flawless line, and delivers triple-black pigment for an expertly-defined stare that lasts. Enriched with natural waxes and conditioners, this eyeliner’s tapered, precision tip glides on smoothly and tightly hugs the lash line without pulling, skipping, or tugging to expertly filling in spaces and increasing lash volume. For a whole new look, apply this waterproof formula along the delicate inner rim of the eye. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens - Phthalates What else you need to know:This product is dermatologist- and ophthalmologist-tested.Suggested Usage:-Twist at the base to advance the pencil tip and glide liner along the upper and lower lash line to instantly enhance the appearance of lashes. -Complete your high-definition look by gliding liner along the inner rim from the inner to the outer corners of the eye.Size:0.009 ozIngredients:-Natural Waxes: Ensure a smooth application. -Vitamin A: An antioxidant that retains moisture and helps protect against free radical damage. -Vitamin E: A natural preservative that also acts as an emollient and antioxidant. -Mineral Pigments: Soothe and soften skin. C11-12 Isoparaffin, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Polyglyceryl-3 Stearate, Beheneth-5, Polyethylene, Isododecane, Phenyl Trimethicone, Microcrystalline Wax/Cera Microcristallina/Cire Microcristalline, Synthetic Wax, Paraffin, Tocopherol, BHT, Glycine Soja (Soybean) Oil, Silica. (+/-): Iron Oxides (CI 77499), Black 2 (CI 77266).
Keep his little feet protected and looking good so he can run through the day in comfort with these cute loafers. synthetic upper rubber outsole textile lining
Add some sophistication to your wardrobe with this pump, which features cutouts, lacing detail, and a back zipper. synthetic upper approx. 3¾” heel lacing detail nylon zipper rubber sole
Layer your favorite dress or top with our versatile long-sleeve faux suede jacket. zip front approx. 20¼-22 9/16 length polyester polyurethane coating wipe with damp cloth imported
Alternating stripes of rich, earthy tones of these rugs create a beautiful base for your favorite indoor or outdoor furniture.    part of the Montego rug collection textural effects give this classic style added dimension designed for indoor or outdoor use easy-care, flat weave construction mold and mildew resistant Polypropylene. Spot clean with cold water; use soap on stubborn stains; line dry. Rug pad recommended for indoor use. Imported.  
Jeans with the loose fit you love from Arizona, in a straight-leg style.   sits below waist loose fit through seat and thigh 5-pocket style straight leg cotton washable imported extended sizes and washes available online only
Featuring a braided halter neckline and a bold floral-patterned skirt, our sleeveless tropical surplus maxi dress is perfect for your stylish wardrobe. halterneck back button closure 50 length from shoulder lined polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Express the flower child in your inner soul with our pretty printed smock-waist maxi skirt. mid rise elastic waistband relaxed fit approx. 38-40 length rayon hand wash, line dry imported
The Isotonic Iso-Cool, visco-elastic molded foam mattress topper is filled with 11 ounces of luxurious spiral-spun polyester fiber to provide a restful night's sleep.   300 thread-count cotton cover has elastic for a secure fit memory foam helps to reduce tossing and turning  Outlast® Adaptive Comfort™ fabric regulates body temperature, absorbing and releasing body heat as needed Sleep Better™ with supremely plush temperature-sensitive memory foam that equalizes pressure and reduces tension foam pad is 3 thick with a 2½-pound density 15 spandex skirt fits mattresses up to 20 deep Back is polyester. Polyester filled cover fits over the foam pad and your mattress. Cover is hypoallergenic and washable; spot clean foam. Manufacturer's 5-year warranty. Made in America of imported materials. Twin topper: 37x72 Twin XL topper: 37x77 Full topper: 51x72 Queen topper: 58x77 King topper: 76x77 Cal. King topper: 70x80 Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
Keep your faith close to your heart with this beautiful pendant featuring a heart-shaped cross with a brilliant cubic zirconia stone at its center.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Cubic zirconia Closure: Spring-ring Dimension: 18 long cable chain Pendant Size: 0.48 x 0.95 long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Classic and timeless, these stud earrings bring additional 3-dimensional sparkle and shine to your look with a row of smaller diamonds set under the center stone.  Radiant ½ ct. t.w. diamonds  are set in 10K white gold.   Metal: 10K white goldStones: ½ ct. t.w. round diamonds, including .12 ct. center stone and  .13 ct. t.w. surrounding stones on each earringColor: J-KClarity: I3Setting: Prong and channelBack: Friction Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Nike Just Do It crew socks boast game-changing comfort and support with moisture management to keep your feet cool and dry. Dri-FIT fabric pulls sweat away from skin left/right specific design for better fit cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 9-11
A soft pattern and neutral tones make this runner the perfect piece for your hallway or entryway. cut-and-loop plle machine tufted nylon/Olefin latex backing    1¼ overall thickness      Stain Resistant: No      Fade Resistant: Yes      Slip Resistant: Yes      Fire Retardant: No      Rug Pad Recommended: No      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Washable      Origin: Made in America
Throw on this comfy, long knit skirt that features a foldover wide waistband that allows you adjust the fit and give you that boho chic style. 40 approximate length rayon/spandex hand wash,dry flat imported
Easily finish off any look with this crossbody bag, featuring two-tone colors, a tassel detail and tons of hardware. double top handles, 9 drop synthetic interior back wall pocket and 2 cellphone pockets 13x2x14 imported
Our Arizona bandeau swim top gives you all the cute style you want for fun in the sand and surf. removable straps push up molded cup underwire black tape trim nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Simplify your styling with the classic look of this leather strap watch from Casio. A slim case, clean dial and black leather strap give it wear-with-anything versatility.   Brand: Casio® Dial Color: Black Strap: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 42.1mm Case Thickness: 9.8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long, 22mm wide Model No.: MTP1342L-1B1 Special Features: Second hand, date display, genuine leather band Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Get the most out of your fruits and vegetables by following Pat Crocker's delicious and nutritious recipes in The Juicing Bible. 350 recipes for delicious fruit and vegetable juices, tonics, cleansers, digestives, teas, roughies, smoothies, milk and coffee substitutes and frozen treats also includes information on the seven body systems, including their importance to good health get details on 80 common health concerns with recommendations on how to use natural foods to combat each condition with 128 illustrations of fruits, vegetables and herbs plus information on their uses and healing properties, and advice on purchasing and storage Measures 7x10. Imported.  
Playful plaid and brilliant blue combine to give this plush down-alternative comforter set a perfect look and feel. geometric plaid print in blue and brown on softspun fabric solid brown on back hypoallergenic down-alternative fill 2-piece Twin sets include: comforter sham 3-piece Full/Queen and King sets include: comforter 2 shams Twin and Full/Queen sets include standard sham(s). King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester sham(s).  Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 63x86; sham is 26x20 Full/Queen: comforter is 86x86; shams are 26x20 King: comforter is 102x86; shams are 36x20
Crack open your favorite drink and relax with our logo tee from Coke. crewneck short sleeves regular fit cotton/polyester washable imported
Our comfortable My Little Pony tee is perfect for a fun day in the sun.  crewneck short sleeves front graphic cotton/polyester washable imported
Add some texture to your cool-weather outfits with this sophisticated mixed media ivy cap from Dockers. top crown: polyester/viscose/rayon back crown: polyester/wool visor and earflap: wool/polyester dry clean only imported
Classically styled, this lace-up toddler boys' dress shoe from Stacy Adams will turn your little guy into a perfect gentleman.     synthetic upper lace-up oxford styling rubber sole
The classic oval silhouette of this women's watch is bordered perfectly by a gold-tone bezel and durable black leather strap.   Brand: Timex® Dial Color: White Strap: Black leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Analog Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 24mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long, 13mm wide Model No.: T2M5667R Special Features: full Arabic number dial, gold-tone oval case, white dial, genuine leather strap   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
When it comes to thermal socks, go with the original. These Heat Holder socks will keep your feet nice and toasty.   mid-calf rise acrylic washable imported
Bring the fresh flavor of your neighborhood coffeehouse right into your own kitchen with the Cuisinart Grind & Brew coffee maker.   special burr grinder automatically grinds beans right before brewing for freshest taste charcoal water filter helps remove impurities for great-tasting coffee strength selector and grind control to choose flavor intensity and quantity from 2 to 12 cups gold-tone commercial-style permanent filter brew pause; enjoy a cup while coffee is still brewing adjustable auto shutoff thermal carafe seals in heat and freshness 10-5/8x8-1/2x16-3/8H. Imported.
With a modern take on a classic design, the Imperial Blue tea saucer makes a casual yet stylish addition to your table.   strong and durable stoneware is chip resistant the fully nonporous surface of this collection makes it hygienic coordinating dinnerware and serveware sold separately Stoneware. Measures 6 in diameter. Microwave, dishwasher and freezer safe. Imported.  
Keep it chic with our sleeveless romper, designed with soft, drapey satin and a cute tie waist. roundneck with mandarin collar sleeveless button down 19¼-21 9/16 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
Our Possibilities fabric furniture program gives you the freedom to create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement. Simply choose your fabric, then select your pieces from the versatile collection of Possibilities sofas, chairs, chaises, corner pieces, sleepers and more.   oak and plywood frame removable and reversible foam cushions removable feet Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester/linen blend; 92% polyester/8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. 3-piece sectional has a 20H seat and includes: Wedge (50x50x36H) Left-arm sleeper sofa (68x39x36H) Right-arm sofa (68x39x36H) Made in America of imported materials. All colors except rouge and buckwheat are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance. 
Put dessert back on the menu when you create delicious, healthy treats with the Dessert Bullet from NutriBullet. Whether you want gluten-free, dairy-free or a decadent dessert with fewer preservatives, the easy-to-use bullet lets you control your ingredients and put dessert back on the menu.   pulse control settings for coarse, medium, fine and extra-fine consistencies BPA-free plastic construction includes user guide and recipe book 18-ounce capacity 350 watts; AC current. Plastic exterior. Measures 9x7¾x13½”H. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Whether you're driving the green or walking the dog, these classic-fit shorts offer stay-dry comfort in colors that easily match.   side-seam pockets length falls at or below the knee polyester washable imported
Sophisticated sateen adds a polished touch to your everyday look with our modern Bermuda shorts. zip fly with hook-and-bar closure, inside button 2 front slant pockets 2 back faux welt pockets 11 inseam color black/white/que: cotton/polyester/spandex all other colors: cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported
Position the wedge bolster anywhere to get comfortable support instantly.    provides extra back support when it's needed most perfect for laying up against hard or uncomfortable surfaces to create a supportive cushion choose firm or exra-firm support Convert a studio couch, high-riser or Hollywood bed into a daytime lounger, or use bolster as support for a backless lounger. 9x12x36L; tapers to 5x12x36L. 3-yr. manufacturer's warranty. Spot clean. Made in America.
Take a fresh approach to the season in this soft and light tank with multicolor stripes. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Bring charming style to your casual looks with our knee-high riding boots, boasting metal side-accent buckles for an extra kick of flair. Also available in wide calf. faux-leather upper 1 stacked heel 16 shaft height regular calf: 15½ shaft circumference wide calf: 18½ shaft circumference side-zip closure round toe faux-fur lining slightly padded footbed rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.  
Wow them in the workplace with our drop-shoulder ponte knit jacket, featuring a textured center panel. snap closures approx. 20½ - 22½ length body: polyester/rayon/spandex sleeves and side panels: rayon/nylon/spandex lining: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Let the casual-cool styling of our roll-cuff shorts set off your laidback weekend style with it's relaxed denim construction. button-and-zip fly closure 4½ inseam Legacy: cotton/polyester/viscose/elastane Summer Shade: cotton/polyester/elastane others: cotton/elastane washable imported
You’ll love the sturdy, wear-resistant strength of this handsome dress shirt from Stafford. Plus, nothing drapes and holds color quite like high-quality broadcloth material. wrinkle-free performance fused collar, cuffs and front placket stay crisp and neat right out of the dryer specially sewn seams to lay flat and resist puckering treated with stain release and repel Scotchgard™ technology point collar comfort-stretch collar reinforced cross-stitched buttons are extremely durable chest pocket adjustable cuffs long shirttail that stays tucked more sizes: regular, athletic, big, extra tall cotton/polyester broadcloth washable imported  
This all-weather and pet-friendly rug features a beautiful allover floral trellis design that brings beautiful style anywhere in your home. mold and mildew resistant power-loomed construction durable polypropylene crafted in Belgium Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Polypropylene Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Hose or wash off. Origin: Imported  
Dominate cold-weather days with this cozy hat and mittens set, featuring a fun despicable me theme and warm fleece lining. foam-back embroidered eye appliqué 3D faux-hair fleece lined acrylic machine wash, dry flat imported
Offset hues on this silk plaid tie help bring color balance to your best-dressed looks. only at JCPenney 3¼ wide, 56 long 100% silk dry clean only
Be ready to dazzle in our charming strapless floral poplin dress. 35 length side zip bra cups lined 100% cotton washable imported
Contrasting color accents help your cool-weather looks pop with these fleece joggers from Brooklyn Xpress. relaxed fit drawstring waist cuffed bottom polyester washable imported
With its ultra-comfortable BounceComfort technology and a modern design that fits any style, this bath mat set offers comfort and support for your feet. BounceComfort memory foam technology cushions your feet with exceptional softness and support stain-resistant microfiber surface is easy to clean reinforced trim helps maintain shape and stability polyester with latex backing washable imported
Our versatile, lightweight sport coat can be worn to the office or on a night out.  modern fit water repellant notch lapel 2-button front long sleeves 2 interior pockets and 2 exterior pockets side vents nylon dry clean only imported
A feminine filigree design swirls throughout this silver-tone stretch bracelet, interrupted only by beautiful bursts of ocean-like color from blue stones. Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Blue glass Dimensions: .95 wide; 7.06 circumference Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our button-front shirt features a collar that can be buttoned down or pointed for a versatile look.  button-down or pointed collar short sleeves button front one front patch pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
The relaxed fit and elastic waist with drawstring keep these swim trunks provide a snug, comfortable fit. relaxed fit self-adhesive fly half elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets back pocket with flap mesh liner 10” inseam polyester washable imported
This permanent-lined Red Kap twill panel jacket is ready for anything.   7.25 oz. twill hip-length 2-piece lined, topstitched collar with sewn-in stays front zipper closure utility pocket on left sleeve button cuffs 2 lower inset on-seam pockets rib-knit bottom permanently lined with black quilted lining shell: polyester/cotton lining: polyester polyester/cotton with nylon lining washable imported of domestic goods
Join Kion and his friends as they set out on their next guard duty. This twin comforter will fill your little one's room with vibrant color.  multicolor 66x86 polyester cover polyester fill washable imported Coordinating accessories sold separately.
For that extra layer on the chilliest of nights or the only layer on warmer ones, get cozy with our warm sheet blanket featuring Micro Flannel® technology for luxurious softness and easy care.   coordinating satin hem adds style and color resists pilling, shrinking and wrinkles dries quickly Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: 66x90” (also fits Twin XL) Full/Queen: 90x90” King: 90x108” (also fits Cal. King) Micro Flannel®, patent pending, is the registered trademark of Shavel Home Products. 
Our super-comfy cotton tee features jewel embellishments for an extra girly touch. crewneck short sleeves jewel embellishments 100% cotton washable imported
With durable polyester construction and reinforced seams, these storage cubes are ready to be filled to the max and used all over the house. tote handles make lifting easier fold flat when not in use for easy storing ideal for car trunks, kids' rooms, closets and shelving units Polyester. Each measures 10.6x10.6x11.5H. Wipe clean. Imported.
This Bluetooth speaker many be mini in size, but it is mighty in power and function. Pair it with your tablet or handheld device to enjoy music for up to 1.5 hours of playtime. It has a remote shutter button for your smart phone camera and includes a standard USB connector. remote shutter button anti-theft alert up to 1.5 hours of playtime compact design USB connector included wristlet carry strap included ABS wipe clean with a soft dry cloth 1¼x1x1 imported
Bring the luck of the Irish into your home with this fun Irish pub & grub bar sign that can be personalized as a unique gift to yourself or others! free personalization of a possessive name up to 12 characters, including apostrophe attachable hanger approx. 11½x15½ laminated wood with high-gloss finish made in USA 
Put some polish in your work wardrobe with our cuffed sateen cropped pants. ●    straight leg●    zip fly with hook and bar closure●    back pockets●    25 inseam●    cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Stackable and practical, this ring is blooming with endless possibilities. Fashioned in a floral design with genuine marquise-cut garnets, this ring is charming when worn on its own, or a statement maker when stacked high with other gems or styles.   Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: Genuine garnets Setting: Bezel Gallery Height: 4mm Dimensions: 21x24mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
With fun graphics and a moveable fit, our short-sleeve cotton tee is a shirt he’ll love to wear all day. crewneck short sleeves yellow: cotton/polyester other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
The edging on these hypoallergenic gold-tone oval hoop earrings creates a unique look.  Metal: Gold-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: 1x1.7  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These handy folders are designed for use with the Cuttlebug Cutting System (not included).   two 5 x 7 embossing folder two 5 3/4 x 4 1/4 border folder  imported
These large pink silver-tone drop earrings add feminine charm to your look. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Pink acrylic stonesBack: WireDimensions: 1x2Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The Providence bedroom collection offers traditional appeal with a 3-panel design, plus it features ample storage space.   rubberwood and poplar wood construction with birch veneers rich antique finish beds include footboard, headboard and rails coordinates with the rest of the Providence bedroom collection 2 storage drawers and 4 faux drawer fronts Wood. Imported.  Full: 61¼x84½x64H Queen: 68¼x89½x64H King: 84¼x89½x64H California King: 84¼x93½x64H
Sometimes the most unforgettable look comes from the simplest piece—like our stretch twill sheath dress, a must-add to any wardrobe.   33½ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
This cordless blackout cellular shade is perfect for bedrooms and media rooms. cordless product safe for homes with young children and pets stacked honeycomb design traps pockets of air resisting the transfer of heat and cold, giving you more control over your heating and cooling costs 9/16 single cell blackout design shade has white backing  brushed-nickel grommets premium, durable spun-lace fabric provides both insulation and privacy snap-in brackets make installation easy to raise or lower, just hold the bottom rail and position the shade exactly where you want Window opening must be at least 1½ deep for inside mount, 2 deep for flush inside mount. Blind received will be ½ shorter to account for deduction of end caps. If exact size is needed, order a blind ½ larger. Hardware and instructions included; some household tools required. Polyester. Vacuum or dust to clean. Imported. Note: White color takes on more of a pale, light gray tone.  
This all-weather, flat weave runner rug has the beautiful look and feel of an indoor rug without the worry of exposure to the outdoor elements.   mold, mildew, sun and rain resistant anti-microbial treatment inhibits the growth of micro-organisms that can cause stains, odors and overall deterioration yarn dyed for lasting color easy-care, quick-drying fibers Polypropylene. Clean with a garden hose. Imported.
  Perfect for your son or daughter as they head off for college, this zippered mattress protector from Levinsohn features a three-layer micro-porous barrier to protect against bed bugs and dust mites.     quilted 200 thread-count fabric waterproof, stain resistant and antimicrobial   Polypropylene/polyethylene with polyester skirt. Washable. Imported.   Twin mattress protector: 39x75 Twin XL mattress protector: 39x80
Our Stylus oversized shirt takes a traditional shirt and gives it a huge dose of excitement with an interesting back pleat. collar long sleeves chest pocket button down back pleat approx. 29¾ length 100% cotton washable imported
Add soft style to your bedroom with this Euro pillow created with an ultra-soft 400-thread-count design. luxurious stripe design 400-thread-count Egyptian cotton measures 26x26 Sold individually. Cotton with polyester fill. Washable. Imported.
Relaxed-fit cargos are designed for the modern-day workplace with pockets for your smartphone and other essentials. In durable cotton duck that’s been washed for softness.   rinsed for comfort relaxed fit sits just below waist zip fly with button closure front pockets expandable cargo pockets multi-use phone pocket back welt pockets straight leg cotton washable imported
These versatile clothes hangers are contoured to keep shirts, dresses, jackets and pants perfectly wrinkle free.   360-degree swivel rod hook hangs easily on any closet rod, towel bar or standard-size door durable metal construction provides strength and reliability soft velvet coating is gentle on delicate fabrics non-slip surface holds fabrics neatly in place slim space-saving design with a ¼ profile, makes the most of available hanging space Steel. Imported.
Enjoy the comfort of wirefree support in this beautiful floral bra.   molds to your shape for ultimate fit full-coverage, wirefree padding banded frame for added support leotard back for non-slip straps seamless; tagless nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #72297
He'll blow away the competition in these durable adidas shorts, featuring breathable fabric and sporty side stripes. elastic waist polyester washable imported
Give your casual style a cool upgrade with the contemporary look of our French terry hoodie with zipper accents on the hem. rayon/spandex washable imported misses: approx. 26½ - 29½ length petite: approx. 24 - 28 length
Pair this beautiful valance with our Eden curtain panels for an elegant makeover to your windows.   classic rod-pocket styling decorative flange on bottom lined for an upscale look   Measures 84x15L. Sold individually. 3 rod pocket. Cotton with cotton/polyester lining. Washable. Imported.
The deep v-neck and lattice neck detailing make our print maxi dress the statement piece of the season.•    v-neck•    sleeveless•    58 length from shoulder•    lined•    polyester•    machine wash, line dry•    imported  
With kicky fun and a preppy attitude, our boat shoes will be your slip-on go-to favorites.   manmade/textile upper slip on flocked TPR outsole
Show your flair for the dramatic with our cold-shoulder top. roundneck short sleeves rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Floral earrings are charmingly inspired by the beauty found in nature, featuring the distinctive Black Hills Gold design. Made in America.   Metal: Tri-tone 10K gold with 12K rose gold Dakota rose and 12K rose and green gold leaves Back: Friction Dimensions: 9.5x12.7mm Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Feel 100% in this cool teal printed hoodie. regular fit hooded long sleeves kangaroo pocket cotton/polyester washable imported  
A simplistic design can be the most versatile. Imagine wearing this leather strap watch wherever you go and staying on schedule with its uncluttered dial punctuated only by Roman numerals and a date window. Brand: Timex Dial Color: White Strap: White leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 25mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 12mm wide Model No.: T2H3917R Special Features: Date display; Indiglo nightlight Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
With eclectic colors and designs inspired by the legendary musician’s artwork, this bold tie adds a vibrant finishing touch to your look. As a bonus, it comes with a collectible guitar pick. includes “Emerging Elephant” guitar pick 3½ wide; 62 long 100% silk spot clean imported
With a jacket or without, these black suit pants form a solid base for a wide range of formal styles. classic fit sits at waist zip fly with button closure front side-seam pockets back, button-through welt pockets flat front hemmed wool/polyester/spandex dry clean only imported
Add a feminine dash to your everyday look with our eyelet lace top for a fashion-forward update. 3/4 sleeves roundneck approx. 22½ - 24½ front length cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Floral Swirl shower curtain transforms your bathroom into an oasis of calm and tranquility.   grommets at top for easy hanging fast-drying fabric repels water; no liner needed mold and allergy resistant weighted bottom so stays in place Floral Swirl shower curtain is polyester. Washable. Measures 72x70H. Imported.
Sure to turn heads, this perfectly coordinated shirt, vest, tie and pants combo makes getting him ready for those special occasions quick and easy and leaves him looking his best. includes button-front vest, long-sleeve shirt, clip-on tie and flat-front pants pants: zip-fly, hook closure vest, pants and tie: polyester shirt: cotton/polyester vest, shirt and pants are washable; tie is dry clean only imported
Herringbone striping and a lustrous, wool-blend fabric help these classic-fit suit pants stand out. only at JCPenney classic fit 2 front pockets 2 back pockets flat front partially lined straight leg hemmed wool/polyester dry clean only imported
Featuring expert craftsmanship, these Star Wars cuff links are the perfect accessory to infuse a little dark side into your buttoned-up looks.  approx. ⅝ fixed logo backing antique plated base metal spot clean imported
This all-weather, flat weave rug has the beautiful look and feel of an indoor rug without the worry of exposure to the outdoor elements.   mold, mildew, sun and rain resistant anti-microbial treatment inhibits the growth of micro-organisms that can cause stains, odors and overall deterioration yarn dyed for lasting color easy-care, quick-drying fibers Polypropylene. Clean with a garden hose. Imported.
Rest in all-cotton comfort with these comfy woven pajama pants from Van Heusen. flat front elastic waist with drawstring side-seam pockets 100% cotton washable imported
These seersucker flat-front pants have a classic fit and will make you look smart and stylish. classic fit hook and button closure flat front 4 pockets straight leg 100% cotton dry clean only imported  
Our blouse features a halter neck and an asymmetrical sheer inset for an ultra-chic warm-weather look. roundneck sleeveless asymmetrical sheer inset back keyhole 26 5/16-37¼ length polyester washable imported
Braided handles give this satchel a unique personality that perfectly enhances your style. double top handles, 12 drop top zip closure synthetic/vinyl braided handles 3 exterior slip pockets 3 interior compartments, 2 cell phone pockets and zip pocket 9Hx13Wx5D imported
For complete versatility, reach for this reversible dress belt made with genuine leather.   leather 1 2/5 wide spot clean imported Note: For a proper fit, order belts one full size larger than your normal waist size
The epitome of refined barware, these lowball glasses feature a unique square shape that is softly rounded at the corners. clear glass construction weighted bottoms for stability “My Dad Rocks” engraving on each glass each has a 10½-ounce capacity set of 4 Glass. Each measures 3.4x3.4x3.5H. Dishwasher safe. Made in America.
These comfy graphic crew socks from Nike take performance to the next level with a premium cotton-blend construction and a supportive fit. package of 3 pairs arch support for a snug and secure fit reinforced heel and toe for enhanced durability cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported S (7-8½)
If your style is in need of an elegant pop of color, look no further than these red and gold-tone double drop earrings. Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Red stonesBack: PostDimensions: .625x1.625  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
These socks stay put and look good with sturdy silicone on the heel and the Gold Toe signature embroidered logo. heel guard with silicone gripper embroidered logo cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported regular fits shoe size 8-11
This lustrous polo offers on-the-course performance in a variety of colors that look great long after your round is over.   UPF 15+ fabric wicks away moisture to help keep you dry and cool flat knit collar 3-button placket tonal sleeve logo polyester washable imported
Our bracelet watch features a rose gold-tone stainless steel link band with a rose dial and crystal accents for a sleek, sophisticated look.  Dial Color: Rose Strap: Rose Gold-Tone Stainless Steel Links Clasp: Two pusher folding buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 40mm Case Thickness: 11mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7 long; 20mm wide Model No.: ZR15824 Special Features: Multifunction   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Dazzling diamond accents are a great complement to the polished yellow gold of our heart pendant necklace.  Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: Round diamond accents Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 box chain Pendant Size: 11x11mm Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our lightweight Keds sneakers, featuring a dual density foam footbed and extra heel padding, offer a super-comfortable fit for all-day wear.   suede/canvas upper rubber sole       
This profile step trash can has a slim profile that makes it a great fit in a bathroom or under a desk. durable steel pedal is designed to last patented lid shox technology ensures a smooth, silent close every time removable inner bucket is grocery bag compatible 2.6-gallon capacity Stainless steel. Measures 6.6W x 15.4D x 13.9H. Wipe clean. Imported. 
Create your custom look by layering these silver-tone rings or wearing individually. Includes five rings. Metal: Silver-tone metal Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our grid shirt from Dockers is a comfortable option for your relaxed outfit. button-down collar long sleeves left chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
There's no more riding up when you're wearing this piqué polo, engineered just for big and tall guys in a wide variety of stylish colors.   3-button placket cotton washable imported
Wear our classic oxford shirt to work, on the weekend—any time you want to feel comfortable, yet look polished. shirt collar button placket chest pocket button cuffs back yoke side vents 100% cotton washable imported
Boxed for easy gifting, this stunning four-piece jewelry set features 14K rose gold accents and glittering 1/5 ct. t.w. diamonds.   Metal: Silver over brass with 14K rose gold accents Stones: 1/5 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong Bracelet Closure: Push lock Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long Earring Back: Leverback Necklace Closure: Spring-ring Necklace Dimensions: 7½ long link chain   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Fitted performance leggings are brushed on the inside to keep you warm and comfortable during cold-weather workouts. Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won’t irritate your skin reflective details for low-light visibility brushed interior for softness against your skin pocket at inside waistband elastic waist 30 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Our City Triangles special occasions dress gives you the look of a sleeveless gown with the confidence of illusion styling. deep v-neck illusion sleeveless built-in bra back zipper approx. 60 length from shoulder polyester lining: polyester professional spot clean only imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place. 
Get a look you love with our keyhole hipster swim bottoms, designed to mix and match with your choice of swim tops. keyhole details with side tie fully lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
The two tiers of our popover dress create a flattering figure that is highlighted by the bodycon fit. roundneck sleeveless back zipper polyester lining approx. 40 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Possibilities fabric furniture program gives you the freedom to create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement. Simply choose your fabric, then select your pieces from the versatile collection of Possibilities sofas, chairs, chaises, corner pieces, sleepers and more.   oak and plywood frame removable and reversible foam cushions removable feet Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester/linen blend; 92% polyester/8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. 3-piece sectional has a 20H seat and includes: Wedge (50x50x36H) Right-arm sofa (68x39x36H) Left-arm sofa (68x39x36H) Made in America of imported materials. All colors are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance. 
Show off your endurance and strength in our moisture-wicking, full-support sports bra, boasting wireless molded cups and a racerback design. moisture wicking full support adjustable straps molded cups wireless racerback tag-free nylon/spandex washable imported  
Add eclectic flair to your look with these ankle boots featuring fun fringe detailing and a rugged look. synthetic upper 1 heel 4½ shaft height 11 shaft circumference rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Perfect for going from day to night, this watch features a gorgeous two-tone look—one is smooth gold-tone, the other is ivory-like. A durable mineral crystal protects the dial from scratches.   Brand: Peugeot Dial Color: Champagne Strap: Gold-tone brass and ivory-look acrylic Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 50m Bracelet Dimensions: 8 long; 20mm wide Model No.: 7096GCR Special Features: Date display; mineral crystal   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
What it is: A toothpaste with the spicy and fresh flavors of ginger and mint. What it is formulated to do: The warmth of ginger combines with the fresh, clean coolness of mint for a subtly spicy effect that conjures up the atmosphere of tropical forests. The classic Marvis formula is designed for white, protected teeth and all-day fresh breath, as well as the prevention of tooth decay, tartar, and plaque. Size:3.8 ozIngredients:Glycerin, Aluminum Hydroxide, Aqua, Silica, Flavor, Cellulose Gum, Titanium Dioxide, Sodium Lauryl Sulfate, Sodium Saccharin, Sodium Citrate, Citric Acid, Benzyl Alcohol.
No matter what sport your girl is into, these tight-fitting capris provide the flexibility, mobility and style she needs to be a champion. elastic waist embroidered logo on hip polyester/spandex washable imported
They will love wearing their adorable smiley pajamas for bedtime or lounging. includes sleeveless top, shorts and pants roundneck 33 overall length polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
These traditional floral rugs feature lovely bouquets that add color and elegance to any room.   highly durable nylon slip-resistant latex back crafted and printed in America ¼ pile height; ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable Origin: Made in America  
There’s no hiding the standout style of these tapered fleece pants from Nike. But beyond the camo print is an all-cotton, brushed-back fleece that offers incredible softness, warmth and breathability. sits at waist elastic waist with drawstring gusseted for increased mobility side-seam pockets embroidered Swoosh tapered leg cuffed bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
Trimmed with lace, the Spencer 2-pack wirefree nursing sleep bra is an easy, convenient way to handle nighttime feedings.    lace trim easy-access crisscross front comfortable wide straps cotton/spandex hand wash, line dry imported  
Slingback sandals with stretch fabric over the foot makes these shoes ultra-comfortable and the subtle shine in the fabric gives them a spark. synthetic upper 15/16 heel PU/elastic sole
It's kisses all around with these X stud earrings. Exceptionally durable and resistant to denting, scratching and breaking, they are crafted from 14K yellow gold that's gone through a patented hardening process. They will also maintain their consistency in color, shine and vibrancy for many years. Hypoallergenic and nickel free.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Back: Friction Dimensions: 10.07x16.31mm long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add a vintage-feeling design to your special creation with the pocket envelope motif of this large base die.   easily moved to create hundreds of unique greeting cards and scrapbooking layouts compatible with Sizzix BIGkick, Big Shot and Vagabond machines (sold separately) design: Pocket Envelope (measures 3x4) designer: Tim Holtz imported
Put this rectangular rug indoors or out for a vibrant update. The attractive ogee pattern is eye catching and has a welcoming look and feel. ogee pattern construction-woven jacquard 100% PET yarn, exclusive of Backing synthetic backing  crafted in India .75cm overall thickness      Use: Indoor/Outdoor      Care Instructions: Spot clean      Origin: Imported
Lightweight and colorful, this tropical-inspired beach mat rolls up neatly for travel or space-saving storage. easy-carry design foam pillow for extra comfort Polyester. Measures 24x66½. Hand wash. Imported.
Durable suede leather straps and a contoured footbed make these sandals a great pick for all-day style and comfort. suede leather upper EVA sole
Featuring an adjustable waistband and a comfortable cotton design, these comfy shorts by Arizona offer versatility and style that lasts. relaxed fit flat front adjustable button-hole elasticized waist 4-pocket styling zip fly with button closure flat front 100% cotton washable imported
These trendy bird and flower print rugs add color and texture to a room with sophisticated style.   saxony cut helps to hide foot prints and vacuum lines serged edges to resist fraying heat-set construction for long-lasting color slip-resistant back printed construction highly durable nylon crafted in America ¼ pile height; ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes  Fade Resistant: Yes  Slip Resistant: Yes  Rug Backing: Latex  Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: No  Use: Indoor  Care Instructions: Washable  Origin: Made in America 
Shine on in this diamond graphic tee, sure to make any style far-out. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported  
On any and all occasions, the Classic Chuck Taylor provides comfort like no other sneaker, here in a washed canvas execution to give the sneaker a worn feel.   UNISEX SIZING: Men’s sizes shown. Women order 2 sizes smaller than your normal size. For example: If you wear a women’s size 7, order size 5, etc.   washed textile upper rubber toe bumper and arch grommets durable rubber outsole for enhanced traction and control lace up
Multi-stitch details lend a chic vibe to our cozy puffer coat. detachable,  polar fleece lined hood multi-stitch detail     zippered front with storm tab 2 vertical zippered pockets 35 length from shoulder polyester shell and lining hand wash, line dry imported
Soft French terry robe offers instant relaxation right out of the shower or after a long day at work.   shawl collar locker loop 2 front pockets one size fits most cotton washable imported
White stars on a blue background, reminiscent of the American flag, give this square decorative pillow a definite patriotic touch. 16x16 polyester with polyester fill spot clean imported
Infuse feminine charm into downtime with this comfy, all-cotton chemise from Adonna. roundneck short sleeves 45 long 100% cotton washable imported 
Show him that he is absolutely, hands down, the best Dad you've ever had. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
What it is:A facial brush that channels T-Sonic™ pulsations through soft silicone touch-points for deep and gentle cleansing. What it does:The LUNA™ mini's three-zone brush is suitable for all skin types, with thicker touch-points on the reverse side designed to deeply cleanse oilier skin, particularly on the T-zone. The thinner touch-points gently channel pulsations and are best used for sensitive or dry skin. This powerful device gently removes dead skin cells, and unclogs pores of dirt, oil, and makeup residue. It enhances the absorption of skincare products and delivers visibly brighter, more radiant skin. What else you need to know:This product features body-safe silicone. It comes with a charger and a two-year warranty. FOREO is revolutionizing the beauty world.”Vogue Research results:In independent clinical trials, in compliance with GCP, on 66 subjects: - 99.5% removal of dirt - 98.5% removal of makeup residue Suggested Usage:-Use for one minute twice daily with any cleanser. -To use, turn on, apply cleanser, wet brush surface, cleanse face, and rinse. Precautions:-Anyone who suffers from a serious skin condition should consult their dermatologist before using a the LUNA™ mini. -Do not use clay-based, silicone-based, or grainy cleansers, exfoliators, or scrubsthey may harm the soft silicone touch-points.
Stay warm and connected with brilliant smarTouch leather gloves. No need to take off your gloves to answer the phone, surf the web or even use an ATM. compatible with most touchscreen devices leather patch for easier gripping elastic gather for a secure fit 8½x3¼x1 leather back; nylon/spandex palm; polyester lining; genuine leather patch dry clean imported
These easy-match twill pants perfectly pair with Zoo York tees and hoodies for a variety of looks. zip fly with button closure 2 front pockets 2 back pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
Add a finishing touch to your window with this curtain rod. The telescoping design makes it easy to adjust the width of this rod as you hang it.   1 diameter telescoping rod with decorative finials simply shorten or extend the telescoping rod to accommodate the width of your window rod length excludes finials; add 2.29 to each end for finials allow 3.38 clearance for rod brackets and hardware included Metal rod with resin finials. Imported.  
Ready for a burst of colors? Triple-row illusion necklace adds an eclectic look to your ensemble.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Multi-color seed beads Closure: Lobster clasp Length: 18 with 3 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This art case is the perfect gift for the young artist in your life and comes in a reusable, plastic case that's shaped like a giant pencil. Kit contains: 18 fine tip markers 12 colored pencils 12 crayons 24 oil pastels 18 watercolor cakes white watercolor palette brush scissors craft glue drawing pencil ruler eraser pencil sharpener sponge carry case measures 7x21x1½ meets ASTM D4236 recommended for ages 4 and up WARNING: CHOKING HAZARD-Small Parts. Not for children under 3 years imported
Generations of kids have enjoyed the fun of playing pick-up sticks. Now your kids can, too, with the Melissa & Doug® Pick-Up Sticks.   41 hand-crafted wooden sticks stores in a sturdy heirloom-quality solid-wood box with sliding lid detailed instruction booklet explains important markings and how to use the black stick 12x3x2¼ ages 6+ imported
She'll look great for any dress-up occasion in this beautiful Marsha dress featuring a lace skirt and finished off with a girly pink sash belt and bow. roundneck short sleeves upper body: polyester/cotton lower body: polyester lace trim: nylon/rayon hand wash, line dry imported
Featuring a chiffon bust and a fun printed skirt, our belted strapless dress is the perfect blend of casual and dressy. sweetheart neckline bra cups back zip 35 length lined cotton/nylon washable imported
For the ultimate laid-back look, slip into our gently distressed skinny jeans. button-and-zip fly 5-pocket styling 29 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Make coffee and tea or hot chocolate at the same time with the same machine using this 12-cup coffee maker and hot water dispenser. dual water reservoirs—one for brewing coffee, one for up to 16 ounces of hot water delay brew timer sets brew time ahead so you can wake up to fresh-brewed coffee freshness timer keeps a tab on coffee freshness from the time it's brewed brew strength selector pumps up a stronger flavor if you like it bold tasting grab-a-cup auto pause stops cycle when you need a cup before brewing is finished 2-hour shutoff automatically turns off coffeemaker, so you don't have to hot water power on/off indicator lights up to show it's on or to remind you to shut if off Plastic/metal/glass. Measures 15½x11x12½H. Hand wash removable parts; wipe housing clean. Imported.  
Get ready for warm weather in our sleeveless, chic halter dress. mockneck sleeveless back zipper 41½ length from shoulder polyester lining polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Britto A New Day hardside spinner upright luggage is sure to turn heads with its prismatic and joyful design. durable hardside design expandable by 2 lightweight aluminum internal handle system built-in TSA lock 2 big interior compartments and 2 zipper pockets spinner wheels corner guards on bottom polycarbonate composite/polyester 18x10½x26H imported
Rolled cuffs and button-accented back pockets on our stretch poplin shorts make changing up your look easier than ever. 7 inseam unrolled; 4 inseam rolled cotton/spandex washable imported
She will love the retro styling of this classic My Little Pony top. scoop neckline cotton/polyester washable imported
Brand: BerthaDial Color: White mother-of-pearlAccents: CrystalsStrap: White leatherClasp: BuckleMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 50mCase Width: 35mmCase Thickness: 8mmBracelet Dimensions: 7.25 long; 14mm wideModel No.: BTHBR5301Special Features: Date function Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
A contoured shape keeps you in check in a minimizer bra that moves comfortably with you.   minimizes up to 1½  comfort u back m-frame cup construction nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style#3335
Our fuss-free cotton tee from Xersion sports an athletic fit in colors that breathe new life into your daily routine. athletic fit crewneck short sleeves cotton washable imported
Your hip, casual look just got a whole lot comfier with our all-cotton tee from i jeans by Buffalo. roundneck short sleeves approx. 24.5 length 100% cotton washable imported
The feminine look of our drape-back tank top makes this a must-have piece for your professional wardrobe. roundneck 31¼ length polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported 
This short-sleeve graphic tee is a perfect addition to her wardrobe if she's looking for something versatile.   crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Our Sunset bedding collection will remind you of the warmth felt sitting by the fireplace on a cabin lodge retreat. The comforter features a red-and-brown striped pattern, which reverses to a solid warm hue with covered cord piping trim. The bedskirt is made of faux suede trimmed with a gimp and is pleated for added dimension. striped pattern that reverses to a solid warm hue coordinating accessories sold separately polyester; polyester fill dry clean queen comforter: 92x96 king comforter: 110x96 cal. king comforter: 110x96 imported 4-piece queen, king and cal. king sets include: 1 comforter 2 shams 1 bedskirt with 15 drop Queen set includes standard shams. King and cal. king sets include king shams.
For instant body with no fuss, this formula will give your hair a gorgeous look and bounce without weighing it down. decreases blow-drying time protects against heat and humidity helps detangle and smooth eliminates frizz free of paraben and sulfate Made in America. How to use: Spray generously on clean, damp hair before blow-drying, concentrating on roots. Comb through. Do not rinse. Style as desired. JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to four of any one item, up to a maximum of six items, per customer, per month.  
Gorgeous mint green stones on these silver-tone small drop earrings brighten up any look. Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Acrylic green stonesBack: LeverbackDimensions: .4x1.5   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The word is out that our Secretly Slender pull-on pants are not only designed for comfort but for high performance, too.  midrise 24 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Must-have tailored hipster panties boast a super-soft cotton-blend and feminine details, making them simply perfect for everyday wear.   cotton/spandex washable imported  
What could be cuter than this Disney Collection princess dress with ruffle sleeves, flower embroidery, a princess patch and glitter? flower embroidery at neckline ruffle sleeves embroidered applique princess patch with flowers on dress glitter flower border print five buttons at back cotton washable imported
What it is:A leave-in treatment for dehydrated, medium-to-coarse hair.What it does:Infused with eight plant extracts and macadamia oil, this weightless cream instantly nourishes, smooths, and protects tresses while preventing frizz and split ends. Hair is left shiny and manageable.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dyes- Petrochemicals- Phthalates Suggested Usage:-Apply to towel-dried or dry hair.-Place a pea-sized amount into palm.-Distribute throughout hair focusing on ends.-Do not rinse.-Style as usual. Size1.7 oz Ingredients​-Soybean, Macadamia Oil, Rosemary, Burdock, Sage, Calendula, Willow, Mallow and St. John's Wort: Hydrate, protect, nourish, and repair hair.Althaea Oficinalis Extract (Mucilage Végétal), Macadamia Ternifolia Seed Oil, Arctium Majus Root Extract (Bardane), Rosmarinus Officinalis (Rosemary) Leaf Extract (Romarin), Salvia Officinalis (Sage) Leaf Extract (Sauge), Calendula Officinalis Flower Extract, Salix Alba (Willow) Leaf Extract (Saule), Hypericum Perforatum Extract (Millepertuis), Lecithin (Soja), Sodium Dehydroacetate, Propylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Parabens (Butyl, Ethyl).
Metal: White and blue sterling silverStones: ½ ct. t.w. round white and color-enhanced blue diamondsWhite Diamond Color: I-JWhite Diamond Clarity: I2-I3Gallery Height: 3.4mm  Some diamonds may be treated and require special care
Our exquisitely designed sleeveless halter maxi dress features graceful pleats, a blouson top and a soft tie at the waist, creating a gorgeous gown for your special occasion. high neck halter sleeveless elastic with tie waist 60 length from shoulder lined polyester washable imported
For everything that you do, our Made for Life capris give you a great look and fit that you can wear all day long. mid rise elastic waistband with drawstring contrast binding slash pockets curve hem at side seam relaxed fit misses: 19 inseam petites: 17 inseam polyester washable imported
You'll be comfortable all day in our rugged long-sleeve Henley tee, with built-in flame resistance.   flame resistant rib-knit collar 3-button placket long-sleeves front pocket 100% cotton washable imported
Whether she's an early bird or night owl, sweet dreams are never far away in these mix-and-match pajamas. includes short-sleeve tee, long pants and shorts pants and shorts: elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Two-tone pendant necklaces adding the perfect polish to your every dressing decision. Three-piece set includes a heart, infinity symbol and cross.Metal: Rhodium-plated brass and 14K rose gold over brassStones: ¼ ct. t.w. round diamondsClosures: Spring-ringsDimensions: 18 long box chainsDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Is it time for a hug from Lambie? Keep her up-to-date with her checkups with this sweetheart of a watch, featuring that wooly animal friend and a shiny, silver-tone bezel.   Brand: Disney Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Pink nylon Clasp: Self-adhesive Movement: Analog Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 3.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7 long, 16mm wide Model No.: W000913 Special Features: Stainless steel case, Japanese quartz movement, nylon fast strap, 3ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A tasteful yet eye-catching geometric pattern on muted tones creates a look you'll love on our honeycomb rug by Feizy Rugs. geometric pattern ●    hand-hooked tufted construction ●    long-lasting polypropylene fiber ●    0.25 pile height Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Synthetic Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: No Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported
Let the Trailing Vines rugs be the basis for your tranquil setting. With plush pile and soothing colors, you'll create a peaceful atmosphere.   premium quality yarns create a densely woven and luxurious pile durable fibers for long-lasting beauty Powerloomed polypropylene/acrylic. Measures 5'6. Spot clean spills; professionally clean. 9.5mm pile height. Rug pad recommended. Imported.  
Flaunting an asymmetrical style with eye-catching glimmer, these swanky platform sandals are perfect for everything from fancy dinners to glamorous galas. synthetic upper refined glitter upper gored back strap for comfortable fit 2¾ heel ½ platform synthetic sole  
She’ll be ready to go out and play at a moment’s notice with these easy pull-on yoga shorts. pull-on polyester/spandex washable imported
She'll love showing off her My Little Pony fandom in our cute short-sleeve tee.  crewneck short sleeves front graphic cotton/polyester washable imported
Get the best of both worlds with your athleisure style. Our rigid-waist twill joggers go on like your favorite jeans but still have the closed-bottom fit of a pair of athletic pants. sits below waist zip fly with button closure 2 front slant pockets back welt pocket tapered leg elastic cuffs 100% cotton washable imported
Grown up style always makes her smile, which is why she'll love wearing our espadrille sandals.   textile/manmade upper adjustable buckle strap bow on toe strap thermoplastic rubber sole
Live the island lifestyle in this textured plaid camp shirt, available in your choice of easy-going colors.   spread collar button front short sleeves left chest button-through patch pocket back side pleats straight hem with side vents rayon/polyester washable imported
Lay your head down to rest on this plush pillow filled with hypoallergenic Siberian white down. 350 thread-count cotton cover hypoallergenic Siberian white down fill double-stitched piping Cotton with down fill. Dry clean. Imported. Standard: 20x28”
Let the force awaken your casual style in this heathered Fifth Sun tee with Star Wars logo print. big and tall fit crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
If you’re looking for a modern look in a package tough enough to stand up to your busy lifestyle, this square skeleton watch is the right combination of style and durability. A solid stainless steel case and rubber strap can take a beating, and automatic movement technology uses the natural movement of your arm for power—no batteries needed. Brand: Stührling Dial Color: Blue skeleton Strap: Black silicone Clasp: Buckle Movement: Automatic Water Resistance: 50m Case Width: 46mm Case Thickness: 11.25mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9” long, 24mm wide Model No.: 8C6.33X66 Special Features: blue square case, blue skeleton dial, black rubber strap, luminous hands, automatic charging technology is powered by your movements, 5 ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Chevron Baby 3-piece set in gray aqua with patterns of stripes and polka dots will create a serene nursery for your little one. The coordinating set includes a sheet made from gray and aqua polka dot fabric, a tailored 14 skirt that is a chevron pattern in aqua and gray, and a blanket featuring chevron and polka dot patchwork. A bumper and accessories are sold separately.  set includes blanket, sheet and skirt blanket: 36x44 sheet: 51x27½x8 skirt: 51x27x14 100% cotton polyester fill washable imported
Your work-to-weekend style gets an extra polished appeal with the pleated silhouette of our fit-and-flare dress. cap sleeves sweetheart neckline back zipper 40½ length from shoulder nylon mesh polyester knit polyester lining dry clean only imported
Slip into our pencil skirt for a polished and professional look.   elastic waist below the knee length center-back hemline slit misses: 26½ length petite: 24½ length polyester washable imported
Add some pizzazz to her shorts arsenal with our floral bermudas from Arizona. 8 inseam 5-pocket styling adjustable waistband button and zipper closure clean hem with side slit cotton/spandex washable imported
She'll love the way she looks and feels in these comfortable, versatile and easy-to-wear gym capris by adidas.●    2 elastic waistband●    screen-printed adidas logo●    tight fit●    flat front●    polyester/spandex●    washable●    imported  
Twin prints mix it up on our empire-waist bandeaukini swim top with a cutout back. detachable strap removable soft cups partially lined tricot knit nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
These soft, cotton leggings are the perfect way to add comfortable coverage to a range of looks. elastic waist cotton/spandex washable imported
Step out of the shower or bath and onto the comfort of memory foam with this reversible bath mat.   ultra-plush memory foam cushions your feet ribbed design anti-slip rug pad required for hard floor surfaces (not included) measures 17x24 Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
Add our jersey knit leggings to your favorite looks and take them up a notch.  29 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
The versatile and rugged Work King high-visibility 5-in-1 jacket performs in every season and weather condition.   jacket can be transformed into 5 functions with hood/without hood/ hi vs liner/ liner reverse to black liner/ remove sleve hi vs vest/ reverse black liner ANSI 107-2010 Compliant Class 3, Level 2 CSA-Z96-09 Compliant-Class 2, Level 2 3M® Scotchlite reflective material with 4 contrast backing detachable hood inside jacket reverses to black removable liner with zip-off sleeves multi pocket in shell and liner 2 microphone loops (shell and liner) ID pocket with hook and loop closure black cuffs and hemline for hiding dirt polyester with PU coating (shell and lining) and 6-oz. polyester lining washable imported
The micro-mesh design and climacool technology of these boxer briefs provides ultimate ventilation and moisture management, keeping you dry and comfortable at every performance level. climacool mesh for ventilation moisture-wicking fabric non-chafing stitching inner mesh paneling for breathability no ride-up leg tag-free soft waistband polyester/spandex washable imported
A relaxing seating and sleeping solution for any room in your home, this convertible sofa is an extra bed when laid flat and an oversized couch when propped upright. wood and steel frame chrome-finished metal plush seat cushions filled with upholstery foam and cotton batting each half is independently adjustable flat bed size is 71x38 Upholstery is bonded leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 71Wx38Dx30H overall with a 13 seat height, 21 seat depth and 17 seat back height. Assembly required. Imported.
With this large outdoor sofa set, you will always have plenty of comfortable seats for your friends and family to lounge and relax. You’ll never worry about your guests sitting comfortably again.   includes 2 end pieces, 2 armless pieces a corner piece and a wedge-shaped cocktail table beige water-resistant cushions multiple arrangement possibilities neutral colors to match any décor softly padded seats perfect for poolside, deck or backyard space 16 seat height Polyethylene/metal/upholstery. Rinse with mild soap and water. Some assembly required. Imported. End pieces: 35x30½x26H Armless pieces: 26.6x30½x26H Corner: 30½x30½x26H Table: 30½x30½x11½H 
Rich color and classic style combine to form these exquisite genuine red garnet earrings. Made in America.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 6mm heart-shaped genuine red garnet Back: Post Dimensions: 6x6mm   Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our decorative bowl is simple and class with its swoop design, as well as modern clean lines. handcrafted in Poland polished for clarity and brightness flat-slanted cut rim with smooth sides thick sham gives weight and stability 4x9.875x8.75H; 12-oz. capacity soda-lime glass hand wash imported Note: Glass may vary slightly from dimensions listed because each piece is handmade.
Our Arizona thermal tee layers on the lightweight warmth in colors that match up well with jeans and khakis. crewneck long sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
This pointelle cardigan is the perfect transitional closet piece for a modern style. v-neck half-Milano collar short sleeves approx. 27 length ramie/cotton washable imported
Protech sheets are like activewear for your bed! The same cutting edge technology that is used in today's sportswear is also used in these Protech Plus sheets to give you a better night's sleep. Breathable ultra-fine microfiber wicks away moisture, keeping your body cool throughout the night while a 4-way stretch component allows you comfort in movement. This stretching ability also helps while making the bed, fitting most premium size mattresses; you won't have to struggle to get the sheets to fit all the way around.   4-way stretch component allows you comfort in movement available in a variety of solid colors microfiber knit fits mattresses up to 19 deep Set includes: fitted sheet flat sheet 2 pillowcases Polyester/spandex. Washable. Imported. Full: 54x75” Queen: 60x80” King: 78x80” Cal. King: 72x84”
Designed to handle just about any food prep need, this professional food chopper effortlessly minces, grinds and blends with patented Ninja Blade Technology. perfect for creating fresh mixtures quick convenient 32-oz. chopper bowl ergonomic, easy-to-use power head one-touch pulse for precise control storage lid ensures food stays fresh 5.8x5.8x10.1H plastic dishwasher safe parts; wipe clean imported
Our v-neck Xersion tee offers everyday cotton comfort in an athletic fit that's perfect for the guy who’s always on the move. v-neck short sleeves cotton washable imported
Stretch twill scrub pants from Dickies sport youthful, fashionable styling and on-the-job functionality. petite fit low rise elastic waist with drawstring wide belt loops 9 utility pockets elastic bungee loop triple pen holder motion knee darts straight leg cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Cinch, don’t pinch, with our shapewear that smooths and comforts. Whatever your day may bring, feel confident and under control in anything you wear. firm control level tummy control inner shaping panel nylon/elastane hand wash imported manufacturer’s style #726  
Spice up your wardrobe with our fun printed leggings to add a little pop and excitement under your favorite dress or tunic. wide waistband cotton/spandex washable imported
Breathable mesh fabric with contrast color stitching along the seams make our tee a cool casual choice.  crewneck short sleeves regular fit polyester washable imported
She'll love the cute stars and stripes print and spunky frayed hem of our denim shorties from Arizona. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket style ramie/cotton/polyester washable imported
Special ground diamond-finished blades deliver a close-to-skin shave and cut with this bump control precision trimmer. ideal for trimming, fading, outlining and cutting convenient rechargeable power source powerful rotary motor provides unmatched torque includes: trimmer unit with T-blade, 3 blade guards, charger, cleaning brush, blade oil and storage pouch model no: 9854-1301 5.81x2.88x10.81H plastic/metal wipe clean made in America
She'll love the cute, girly pattern of our easy-on popover sundress—perfect for a fun-filled day of adventures. roundneck popover bodice ruffled hem sleeveless polyester washable imported
These colorful, washed-finish khakis feature a soft hand in a slim fit for a look that's stylishly laid-back.   slim fit zip fly with button closure 2 front pockets coin pocket 2 back button-through welt pockets flat front tapered leg washed finish garnett navy: cotton/elastane all other colors: cotton washable imported
Embodying femininity is merely a matter of slipping on our light tunic with a self-sash belt and high-low hem. built-in cami polyester washable imported misses: approx. 29½ - 31 length petite: approx. 27⅞ - 30⅝ length
A true blue beauty. A cushion-cut blue sapphire dangles below a split double bail embellished with white sapphires on this lovely pendant.    Metal: Sterling silver Stone: Lab-created cushion-cut blue sapphire, 7mm Other Stones: Lab-created round white sapphires Setting: Prong Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18” rope chain    Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Featuring a soft, jersey knit shirt and microfleece pants, these cozy pajamas offer bedtime comfort that stands out from the pack. includes long-sleeve shirt and pants jersey-knit tee crewneck microfleece pants relaxed fit elastic waist polyester washable imported   Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
A baker's dream, this six-speed hand mixer will mix and whip with power, convenience and comfort, and then store neatly inside a snap-on case.   six speeds with QuickBurst™ button snap-on case with easy-access door stores attachments and cord includes traditional beaters and wire whisk a slower first speed reduces messy splatters 275-watt peak power Bowl Rest™ feature Plastic. Measures 4¼x10.13x9¾H. Mixer wipes clean; attachments are dishwasher safe. Imported.
Sleep Better™ with the supremely plush Isotonic contour memory foam pillow that equalizes pressure and reduces tension.   300 thread-count cotton cover is zippered and hypoallergenic Outlast® Adaptive Comfort™ technology regulates body temperature, absorbing and releasing body heat as needed contour shape promotes neck and shoulder comfort Sold individually. Visco-elastic memory foam measures 14½x20½x5H. Cover is washable; spot clean foam. Manufacturer's 5-year warranty. Made in America of imported materials. Be sure to care for your investment with a pillow protector. It's an added layer of protection that will help keep your pillow clean and fresh.    
Our layered tank top features colorblocking and a detachable necklace for a super-cute warm-weather look.  v-neck sleeveless includes necklace 28 1/2 length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
The perfect blend of fun and flirty glam, our 3/4-sleeve printed sheath dress will be a lovely addition to your sophisticated wardrobe. crewneck 3/4 sleeves 35 length from shoulder polyester/elastane machine wash, dry flat imported
Make mealtime easier with this adjustable high chair from Carter's. With innovative features like 6-height positions, one-hand, front-release tray, a multi-position reclining seat to accommodate all feeding stages and dishwasher-safe tray, it’s a versatile essential you'll use year after year. 6 height positions with front access adjustment one-hand, front-release tray with 4 positions multi-position reclining chair for bottle-feeding to self-feeding stages dishwasher-safe insert tray permanent restraint with snack tray machine washable seat pad 4 wheels, 2 rear locking casters 3-point harness secures child up to 50 lbs. 45.5x26.2x32.9H assembly required, instructions included plastic/metal/fabric wipe clean imported meets CPSIA/CPSC/CARB requirements  
This 3-piece pajama set, which features short- and long-sleeve tops and a corresponding pair of pants, is the perfect addition to your little one's bedtime wardrobe. includes short-sleeve top, long-sleeve top and pants screen-printed graphic no-pinch elastic waistband polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children’s sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
The elegant toe chain of our wedges sets them apart, while the in-heel hole adds even more great detail.  technology custom-molded outsole for durability and comfort construction plastic upper EVA-molded footbed synthetic sole details 3 heel metal buckle chain detail across foot
From office hours to happy hour, our rounded toe wedge pumps keep you walking fashion forward.   microsuede upper approximately 3¼ wedge heel EVA cushioning round toe rubber sole  
Bring the action home with this vintage Star Wars wall décor movie poster. 13x19 hanging bracket on back made from MDF imported
Make your outfit pop with our bold crew socks. ●    cotton/nylon/spandex●    machine wash, line dry●    imported●    sock size 10-13 fits shoe size 7-12
Record and collect memories of your special day that will last a lifetime with this truly elegant memory book.   highlighted by a sophisticated adornment of beads, rhinestones and crystals brings a personal touch to collecting and displaying wedding memories elegant embossed pages accommodate 240 wedding guest signatures and one photo album page three-ring brass binder Paper/polyester/plastic/crystal. Measures 9¾x12H. Spot clean. Imported.
Meet the mood for modern stripes in our luxurious knit sweater dress. 39¾ length from shoulder knit rayon/polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
This adorable, dinosaur-themed fleece blanket fits on a bed just like a fitted sheet, staying in place and keeping kids warm all night long. In the morning, just zip, flip and make the bed in seconds. soft, cuddly fleece fabric easy-open zipper fits most Twin beds up to 12 thick perfect for sleepovers and camping Polyester. Measures 39x75. Washable. Imported.
Step into comfort and warmth in our classic moccasin slippers with faux-shearling cuff and lining. slip resistant waterproof indoor/outdoor sole solids: 100% cotton corduroy plaid: polyester/wool polyester lining rubber sole machine wash, air dry imported
This stylish tumbler features double-wall construction with a stainless steel outer shell and an insulated liner. It also had a screw-on lid to prevent spills and messes. screw-on lid insulated contemporary design 16-ounce capacity stainless steel top-rack dishwasher safe 8x2¾x2¾ imported
Friends will envy you in this fitted, lace dress with endless movement due to its fun, layered length hemline. scoopneck approx. 36-42 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Blooming all season long, this flower-inspired watch freshens up any outfit. Attractively boxed for easy gift giving.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Orange plastic Case Width: 40mm Case Thickness: 11m Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long; 20mm wide Model No.: JCP2743   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This 10-piece hard-anodized cookware set includes all the pans you need to equip your kitchen with the most versatile basics.   hard-anodized aluminum for durability and even-heating nonstick finish for easy cleanup comfortable, easy-grip handles are oven-safe up to 400°F tempered glass lid lets you watch food cook without removing it to keep heat and moisture locked in 10-piece set includes: 1-quart saucepan with lid 2-quart saucepan with lid 6-quart stock pot with lid 3-quart sauté pan with lid 8½ open skillet 10 open skillet Aluminum/silicone. Hand wash. Imported.
A 23K gold cross stands out proudly against the rhodium-plated mirror finish of this handsome money clip.   rhodium-plated brass 23K gold cross three letters engraved at no extra charge
Our tank top features lace details and ruffles along the yoke for the perfect warm-weather look. roundneck sleeveless lace and ruffle details 27 3/8–29 length front: polyester back: rayon/spandex lace yoke: polyester washable imported
Add a finishing touch that wows with these Lowdie tribal beaded high heel sandals. polyurethane/elastic upper 4 heel polyurethane sole
Not only do these classic-fit eCLo pants by Haggar feature the legendary hidden expandable waistband, they’re also made from recycled water bottles making it easy to look and feel good. Haggar® eCLo™ products are made with REPREVE® recycled fiber by UNIFI no iron classic fit sits at waist standard rise relaxed through leg straight leg pleated cuffed button tab closure hidden expandable waist front side-seam pockets 77% polyester / 23% recycled polyester washable imported
Add some girly glam to her everyday looks with our effortlessly stylish sneakers from Arizona. nylon/mesh upper polyester/rubber sole  
Cuisinart's outdoor electric grill with VersaStand integrated adjustable telescoping base provides authentic grilling performance and flavor. The small format fits easily on balconies and small patios making it great for places where propane or charcoal grills aren't allowed. ample 145 square-inch cooking grate is large enough to cook most family meals—8 steaks, 8 hamburgers, 6-10 chicken breasts or over 4 pounds of fish heats up very quickly and reaches temperatures high enough to sear a steak to perfection  storage is quick and easy with the novel telescoping base that quickly transforms from storage to tabletop to floor standing use folds up in seconds and is integrated into the grill for added convenience porcelain enamel coated grill grate includes spill-resistant drip tray plugs into a standard household electrical outlet UL approved for outdoor use 1500 watts. Stainless steel. Measures 22x17.6x11.8H. Wipe clean. Imported.
Luscious grapes grow around this wedge rug to lend a natural look to any wine-lover's space. long-lasting inkjet print tufted construction durable nylon/polypropylene crafted in Egypt ¼ pile height; ¾ overall thickness measures 30x18 Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Machine wash, line dry. Origin: Imported
A fashion-forward and masculine design, this two-tone stainless steel men’s wedding band in black and white finish features 1/7 ct. t.w. diamonds at the center for eye-catching appeal.   Metal: Two-tone stainless steel Stones: 1/7 ct. t.w. round diamonds Setting: Prong Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Shine from ear to ear in these simulated diamond halo stud earrings.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Simulated diamond 2 ct. t.w. diamond equivalent Setting: Prong and pavé Dimensions: 9.1x9.1mm long   Diamonore uses 99.9% pure diamond particles in and on the surface of the stone. Diamonore's technology has created the most beautiful, patent-pending diamond simulant, with all the fire and brilliance of a natural diamond. Carat (ct.) total weight (t.w.) represents the approximate total weight of diamonds or equivalent appearance. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give him a classic preppy style everyone will love with our 2-piece polo and shorts set. includes polo and shorts spread collar button front short sleeves left chest embroidery button fly 2 side and 2 back pockets left leg pocket embroidery 100% cotton washable imported
Our Izzo Golf neo stand bag features a 7-way organizational top with full-length dividers for maximum club protection that is both easy to carry and lightweight. towel ring full length apparel pocket insulated cooler pocket Velcro™ glovekeeper umbrella tie rain hood valuables pocket Dual Strap technology: combines our Comfort Swivel™ design with a patented “rotator” connection that is extremely comfortable and easy to carry polyester ultralight; weighs 4.9 pounds 35.5x13x9.6H wipe clean imported
Perfect for comfy daytime play and for cozy sleep at night, these footed pajamas by Carter's are a must-have for your little one's wardrobe. worry-free safety tab snaps from ankle to chin allover print 100% cotton washable imported For child’s safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Not your grandmother's braided rugs, these colorful classics are updated with a sophisticated style that's designed for indoor or outdoor spaces.   classic braid construction reversible for twice the life crafted in America highly durable polypropylene fibers ½ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: None Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor or outdoor Rug construction: Machine-made Care Instructions: Vacuum with a hard surface attachment; do not use a beater bar. Spot clean. Hose off and hang to dry. Origin: Made in America  
Show off your polished, casual style with the slimming look of our versatile skinny jeans. mid rise 5-pocket styling shank button-and-zip closure 32½ inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Get the same effortless style on your casual days as you do at the office in these Eco shorts from Haggar, made in part with Repreve® recycled fiber by UNIFI. sits at waist straight fit flex waist zip fly with button closure flat front 2 front off seam pockets mobile pocket on right leg 2 back welt pockets 12 inseam Haggar eCLo™ products made with Repreve® recycled fiber by UNIFI 63% polyester/37% recycled polyester washable imported style: HS10430
Add chic charm to your casualwear with our long-sleeve peasant blouse. roundneck long sleeves front tie polyester washable imported
The iconic arcuate logo gets a geo-patterned upgrade on this heathered crewneck tee from Levi’s. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported  
Lend beautiful, coordinated style to your everyday look with this lab-created blue sapphire set. Including earrings and a ring, this two-piece set is accented with lab-created white sapphires.Metal: 14K yellow gold over sterling silverStones: Square 2-3mm lab-created blue sapphiresOther Stones: Round lab-created white sapphiresSetting: Channel and prongEarring Back: PostEarring Dimensions: 22mm longGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Your favorite reptile—the turtle—is front and center on the colorful dial of this green leather watch. Packaged in a box for easy gift giving. Made in America.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Green leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 38.1mm Case Thickness: 3mm Bracelet Dimensions: 10 long; 16mm wide Model No.: G-0140003 Special Features: Scratch-resistant glass   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Stretch twill scrub pants from Dickies sport youthful, fashionable styling without giving up on-the-job functionality. juniors plus fit low rise elastic waist with drawstring wide belt loops 9 utility pockets elastic bungee loop triple pen holder motion knee darts straight leg cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported  
Our watch features a champagne dial with a brown leather strap for a sophisticated look.  Brand: Beverly Hills Polo Club Dial Color: Champagne Strap: Brown leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Case Width: 42mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 18mm wide Model No.: 52961   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our Maidenform Thigh Slimmer provides everyday control to smooth your tummy, derriere and thighs and it looks great under the most form-fitting dresses, pants and skirts. everyday control helps smooth the tummy, derriere and thighs seamless for a smooth look under clothing stretchy construction for comfortable, everyday wear nylon/elastane cotton lining hand wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #2060 
Featuring a lightweight design and superior traction, our New Balance 481 V2 athletic shoes will be your go-to pair for comfort and performance.   construction synthetic/polyester upper gripped non-marking rubber sole for extra traction details synthetic mesh upper for lightweight comfort and support shock-absorbing EVA midsole padded inset, collar and tongue for added comfort  
Whether you're feeling like a workout warrior or a couch potato, our soft, comfy yoga pants are the perfect choice.   22 inseam black: cotton/spandex other colors: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Fitted through the hip and thigh, our city-fit boyfriend jeans sit below your waist, with skinny legs just begging to be rolled up to your ankles. zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported misses: 27 inseam rolled; 30 unrolled petite: 25 inseam rolled; 28 unrolled petite short: 23 inseam rolled; 26 unrolled
Dress up your casual feminine style with this beautiful brown plastic bracelet watch with a round brown dial.  Brand: Christian Van SantDial Color: BrownStrap: Brown plasticClasp: FoldoverMovement: QuartzWater Resistance: 30mCase Width: 19mmCase Thickness: 10mmBracelet Dimensions: 7 long; 19mm wideModel No.: CV3411   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Show off your love for music with this printed tee featuring Tupac Shakur. crewneck tagless comfort 100% cotton washable imported
The Hot Tools 1 nano ceramic flat iron makes it quick and easy to create a salon-quality look.   leaves hair soft, shiny and straight reduces frizz smooth surface for easy styling Imported.  JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Often the boldest statements are the simplest, like this slim satin tie which adds a bright pop of elegance to your suited looks.   measures: 2.75 wide comes with tie bar polyester spot clean imported  
Our Jezebel flirty bliss chemise has a touch of lace and a lot of attitude. v-neck adjustable shoulder straps lace trim double-lined cups polyester/rayon hand wash, dry flat imported
She’ll love this bright pink Paw Patrol watch with fun details and easy to read digital clock.   Brand: Nickelodeon Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Multicolor fast strap Movement: Quartz Bracelet Dimensions: 15mm wide Model No.: PAW5009JC Special Features: Digital   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Wear your most body-conscious styles with confidence in our firm control opaque tights. Combining both function and comfort, they'll provide for a flawless finish to your look. comfort waistband shaping panty smoothes tummy and hips flat seamed for added comfort opaque leg nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Fast Break pants from Spalding go beyond the gym with an stylish athletic fit and fabric that stretches. Stretch-Power fabric athletic fit elastic waist with drawstring 2 front pockets logo embroidery slim leg contrast reverse bottom zipper vent polyester washable imported
The perfect amount of feminine flair, our button-front poplin dress will take you from work to weekend with comfortable ease. roundneck sleeveless front buttons 33¼ length from shoulder cotton/spandex washable imported
Our exceptionally comfortable full-coverage sports bra by Flirtitude boasts the perfect fit for all your low-impact activities.   full-coverage cups wirefree perfect for low impact activities wide elastic-trimmed straps for support wide bottom band for pull on fit microfiber fabric nylon/spandex washable imported 
You'll have the skinny on cute casual style in our super skinny jeans. 5-pocket styling 30 inseam cotton/polyester/Lycra® spandex washable imported
Show your sweet side in our adorable sleeveless dress, featuring a flirty lace-up front. scoopneck sleeveless approx. 36 length from shoulder 100% cotton washable imported
Hanes woven boxer shorts feature classic plaids and round-the-clock comfort in a value-driven 4-pack.   all-day comfortable fit generous cut for unrestricted movement tagless comfortflex® waistband no-gap fly 100% cotton washable imported
Our fitted Alfred Dunner capris are the ideal option for easygoing style. flat front back elastic 2 front slash pockets missy: 20 inseam petite: 18 inseam cotton/polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
Give any dress a sultry splash of style with this green stone statement necklace that's sure to get you noticed. Metal: Gold-tone metal Stones: Glass stones Closure: Lobster clasp Dimensions: 18 long chain with 3 extender Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Complete her sassy summer look with our Okie Dokie® tank top—featuring ruffled shoulders for an extra cute finish. cotton/polyester washable imported
Unleash your inner cowgirl in our flattering denim jeans with Lone Star-shaped embroidery and embellishment on the back pockets. 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
The clean monochrome style of this bracelet watch has a simple look that goes from season to season.   Brand: Bulova Dial Color: Champagne Strap: Gold-tone stainless steel Clasp: Foldover with pushers Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 42.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 24mm wide Model No.: 97B146 Special Features: Date display
Easy to love, you’ll take on the day in confidence—and style—with these gold-tone openwork flower earrings.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Back: Wire Dimensions: ¾x¾ long   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This product will be available for all clients online on February 29 and in stores on March 14. What it is: A refreshing, lightweight gel moisturizer to help moisturize dry, dehydrated skin. What it does: Treat skin to this skin-quenching water gel. Powered by hyaluronic acid and tarte’s exclusive Rainforest of the Sea™ antioxidant complex, this cooling gel moisturizer helps restore skin’s natural hydration for skin that’s fortified, refreshed, and healthier-looking. The lightweight moisturizer absorbs into skin, leaving no oily or greasy feel behind, while powerful marine antioxidants help skin defend itself from everyday aggressors. Its skin-balancing properties support antiaging, and it helps boost the appearance of firmness, tone, and vitality over time. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Phthalates What else you need to know: This product is vegan, hypoallergenic, and dermatologist tested.Suggested Usage: -Apply evenly all over the face and neck after cleansing. -For best results, apply twice a day in the morning and at night.Size:1.70 ozIngredients:-Rainforest of the Sea™ Complex: A proprietary blend of algae and marine flower extracts that helps reduce the appearance of fine lines and wrinkles while smoothing and softening skin. -Electrolyte-Balancing Complex: A blend of water and sea salt extracts that helps restore and replenish skin’s natural moisture reserves, while promoting a gentle skin balance. -Sodium Hyaluronate and Squalene: Work in harmony to retain and deliver moisture for optimal hydration and a refreshed, fuller appearance. Water, Butylene Glycol, Dimethicone, Glycerin, Hydroxyethyl Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Squalane, Phenoxyethanol, Ammonium Acryloyldimethyltaurate/VP Copolymer, Polysorbate 60, Caprylyl Glycol, Enteromorpha Compressa Extract, Citrus Aurantium Dulcis (Orange) Peel Oil, Disodium EDTA, Propanediol, Sea Salt Extract, Hexylene Glycol, Lavandula Angustifolia (Lavender) Oil, Phospholipids, Stearoyl Inulin, Cocos Nucifera (Coconut) Oil, Hyaluronic Acid, Silanetriol, Limonene, Citric Acid, Sorbic Acid, Sodium Anisate, Sodium Levulinate, Linalool, Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Tocopherol, Algae Extract, Gardenia Tahitensis Flower Extract, Blue 1 (CI 42090).
Our pinstripe pants feature a double waistband with trouser hooks and a straight leg for a comfortable, professional look.   ●    double waistband with trouser hooks●    straight leg●    mid rise●    34 inseam●    rayon/nylon/spandex/polyester●    hand wash, line dry●    imported  
These chef pants give you room to work and a finish that lasts the seasons.   relaxed fit pre-cured finish treated to release stains 2 side seam pockets 1 back patch pocket full elastic waist with drawstring hemmed polyester/cotton twill washable imported
Keep a fresh bouquet of flowers in your bathroom every day with these soft, absorbent towels in a great selection of colors.   soft 100% cotton woven jacquard floral pattern versatile colors coordinates with the Liz Claiborne MicroCotton® bath towels, sold separately 6-piece set includes: two bath towels two hand towels two washcloths Cotton. Washable. Imported. Bath towel: 30x58 Hand towel: 15x28 Washcloth: 13x13 You can purchase these towels individually, but your best value is to buy the six-piece set together. The set will give your bathroom a coordinated look and feel while saving you money. Care tip: Avoid contact with skincare products to help minimize towel spotting or bleaching.
Whether your itinerary includes climbing the nearest mountain or spending time with friends, you’ll love the fit and feel of these peached canvas cargos from St. John’s Bay.   durable, 100% cotton canvas sanded and enzyme washed for softness, reduced shrinkage  relaxed fit through seat and thigh antique brass zip fly with button closure 2 angled front pockets for easy entry 2 side cargo pockets with center pleats, side bellows and mitered flaps with Velcro® closure 2 back pockets with mitered flaps and Velcro® closure straight leg cotton washable imported
Built for active fun, our sport tankini swim top gives you the coverage you want for high-intensity beach sports or relaxing in the sun.   built-in bra racerback partial lining nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Our skinny jeans feature a feminine cut for a bombshell fit that will make you miss them when they're in the dryer. 5-pocket styling approx. 29¼ - 34¼ inseam cotton/polyester/LYCRA® spandex washable imported
Head to the gym in our capri pants, featuring a SmoothTec™ waistband for chafe resistance and C Vapor technology for faster drying so you stay cool and dry. ●    elastic waist●    flat front●    C Vapor technology for faster drying●    smoothTec waistband for chafe resistance●    moisture-wicking fabric●    reflective C logo●    polyester/spandex●    liner: polyester/cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
These sleek, streamlined sneakers are stylish, stable, and provide lightweight, all-day comfort.technology•    TPU shank offers excellent support•    EVA heel wedge gives cushioningconstruction•    comfortable, synthetic leather upper•    midfoot saddle for maximum fit•    durable rubber outsole  
What a day for a daydream. Relax as our Cotton Classics Jardin quilt cushions your hectic day into a peaceful night. multicolored print on front and back 200 thread-count cotton percale ½ binding on all four sides Coordinating accessories sold separately. Cotton with polyester fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: 66x86 Full/Queen: 88x90 King: 104x90
Our ankle pants feature a slim fit with a tailored look that easily pairs with a variety of tops. hook-and-bar closure with zip fly 2 front and 2 back welt pockets slim fit 30 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
What it is:A sea-serum that works with the innovative Clarisonic® Opal Sonic Infusion System, designed to effectively deliver the choicest ingredients deep into the skin for dramatically soothing, firming, age-fighting results.What it is formulated to do:Clarisonic co-founder Robb Akridge, PhD, optimized the Anti-Aging Sea Serum specifically to complement the Opal's sonic infusion technology. Using his immunology expertise to promote skin health, he and his team of cosmetic scientists employed a multi-layered complex of marine extracts and botanicals to deliver exceptional results.This set contains:- Opal® Anti-Aging Sea Serum- 2 x Replacement applicator tipsOpal's gentle sonic massage infuses Anti-Aging Sea Serum into the outer layers of the epidermis in 30 seconds. The effects are visibly smoother, firmer, more hydrated skin and minimized appearance of under-eye puffiness. Every soothing sonic pulse gently and immediately helps to immediately tighten, refresh, and energize the skin's appearance into a bright, youthful state.What else you need to know:Experience Clarisonic sonic skincare from start to finish: cleanse, then infuse for results that last for hours and benefits that build over time. The Opal Sonic Infusion System is dermatologist- and ophthalmologist-tested, and gentle enough for daily use. Opal is rechargeable and convenient. *Sonicare® is a registered trademark of Philips Oral Healthcare Inc., which is not affiliated with PBL or Clarisonic.Size:1 ozIngredients:-Marine-Derived Collagen, Natural Moisturizing Factors (humectants), Prickly Pear Extract, and Trehalose (a complex sugar from desert plants): Provide hydration to increase moisture content to restore natural tissue fullness. -Marine-Derived Glycosaminoglycans (Glucosamines, Hyaluronic Acid, Chondroitin Sulfate (natural components of skin and joints), Marine-Derived Elastin, African Sausage Tree Fruit Extract: Provide firming, smoothing, and tightening properties. -Canadian Willowherb, Oat Kernel Extract, and Acetyl Citrull Amido Arginine (a marine peptide): Provide antioxidant protection to the delicate skin near the eye and on the face.Water (Aqua), Epilobium Angustifolium Leaf/ Stem Extract, Glycerin, Hydrolyzed Elastin, Glycosaminoglycans, PEG-8 Dimethicone, Kigelia Africana Fruit Extract, Silanetriol Trehalose Ether, Saccharomyces Ferment, Avena Sativa (Oat) Kernel Extract, Ceratonia Siliqua Gum, Hydrolyzed Casein, Laminaria Saccharina Extract, Algae Extract, Pullulan, Skeletonema Costatum Extract, Acetyl Citrull Amido Arginine, Arginine PCA, Plankton Extract, Soluble Collagen, Chondrus Crispus (Carrageenan) Extract, Chondrus Crispus (Carrageenan), Niacinamide, Ascorbic Acid, Bisabolol, Zingiber Officinale (Ginger) Root Extract, Opuntia Coccinellifera Fruit Extract, Sodium PCA, Urea, Trehalose, Sodium Hyaluronate, Polyquaternium-51, Ethyl Lauroyl Arginate HCL, Butylene Glycol, Acrylates/C10-30 Alkyl Acrylate Crosspolymer, Chlorphenesin, Disodium EDTA, Sodium Hydroxide.
Our swim coverup features an allover leaf print for a flattering beach look.  ●    v-neck●    cap sleeves●    34 length●    nylon/spandex●    hand wash, dry flat●    imported  
Soft poplin shirt with subtle printed stripes keeps its color, wash after wash.   Touchtex technology for superior color retention soil-release finish moisture-wicking fabric keeps skin cool 6-button front with button at neck 2-piece lined and banded collar with stays short sleeves 2 button-thru hex-style pockets; bartacked pencil stall on left pocket 4¼-oz. poplin, polyester/cotton washable imported more sizes: regular, big, big tall
Heat up those unbearably cold days in the head-turning look of our sleek puffer vest—featuring quilted side panels, zip pockets and a stand collar. 2 front pockets chalk pink: polyester/spandex all other colors: polyester polyester lining and filling washable imported
Add a graceful touch to your jewelry collection with this lab-created alexandrite and diamond-accent ring.Metal: 10K white goldStones: 6mm oval lab-created alexandriteOther Stones: Diamond accentsSetting: Prong and pavéGallery Height: 5.5mmGemstones may be treated and may require special care.Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Crisp, allover pleats create plenty of movement in our modern sheath dress with an elegant embellished neckline. embellished neckline 37¾ length from shoulder polyester/spandex lined hand wash, line dry imported
This corn peeler safely removes multiple rows of kernels from corn cobs with a quick and simple motion.   blade position ensures perfectly cut kernels every time kernels fall directly into a bowl or onto a cutting board durable, serrated, stainless steel blade soft, comfortable nonslip grip use right- or left-handed includes snap-on blade cover to protect blade and hands when not in use dishwasher-safe Silicone/stainless steel. Measures 1x1½x6¾H. Imported.
Versatile and sophisticated, this hard-anodized, nonstick 3-piece cookware set combines high performance with exceptional heat conduction and a beautiful design.    constructed of strong and durable hard-anodized aluminum, the saucepot is fitted with an impact-bonded stainless steel base suitable for all stovetops, including induction heavy-duty, hard-anodized aluminum everything pan (not induction suitable) heats quickly and evenly to help reduce hot spots that can burn foods both pieces feature the unique TOTAL® Food Release System of raised circles with top-quality DuPont Autograph® nonstick inside and out, which reduces surface abrasion and makes cleanup easy the saucepot's tempered glass lid locks in heat and moisture so food can be monitored while cooking comfortable, rubberized, cast stainless steel handles on these cookware pieces provide a confident grip metal utensil safe oven safe to 400°F 3-piece set includes: 4-quart saucepot with lid 10 everything pan Aluminum/glass. Saucepot and lid are dishwasher safe; everything pan is hand wash. Imported.  
  Be well-groomed and ready for anything with this 5-piece manicure set that features a large nail clipper, nail cleaner and file, bottle opener, fold-out knife, comb and case. Makes a great gift. large nail clippers nail cleaner and file bottle opener fold-out knife comb    case stainless steel/plastic spot clean imported
Now he can veg out with the most rocking minion in town with our Despicable Me cotton tee. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Even your everyday style can be noteworthy in our high-low v-neck t-shirt in paisley print.   rayon washable imported
Constructed with comfort and great style, our cargo cropped pants will be the season's essential you will want to keep within close reach. zipper with button closure 2 front slant pockets 2 front cargo pockets 2 back pockets drawstrings at waistband and hem 17 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Keep him comfortable all day in our modern boys running shoes.   technology   flexible and lightweight Phylon promotes a natural stride   construction   mesh/synthetic upper synthetic/rubber sole   details   lace up Velcro® strap for added lockdown rubber pods in the outsole add traction and durability
This overdyed sport shirt offers a cool blend of formal and functional features with its soft sheen, banded collar and button-tab sleeves. big and tall fit banded collar button front long, button-tab sleeves left chest pocket rounded hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Made to last, you'll enjoy the colors and style of our round rug for years. timeless geometric pattern power loomed polyester/polyproplyene 0.25 pile height, 0.25 overall thickness crafted in Egypt Stain Resistant: NoFade Resistant: NoSlip Resistant: NoRug Backing: NoneFire Retardant: NoRug Pad Recommended: Yes. Rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces.Use: IndoorCare Instructions: Professional clean.Origin: Imported
Keep your feet comfy, cushioned and dry in our crew socks by Nike, featuring a supportive fit with arch compression and moisture-wicking technology. package of 3 pairs Dri-FIT fabric pulls sweat away from skin left/right specific design for better fit nylon/cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 9-11  
Forget closet confusion, with our mixed print dress you always know what to wear for every occasion. roundneck sleeveless invisible zipper in back approx. 37 length from shoulder polyester lining: polyester taffeta dry clean only imported
Tackle your workday with the steady footing and protection of our resilient Wolverine Slip-Resistant work boots.    technology Strobel construction for comfort and durability construction leather upper rubber sole details 6 shaft lace up removeable cushioned footbed mesh lining slip-resistant nylon shank 
Train with comfort and mobility with this Nike shirt made of sweat-wicking fabric that keeps you cool when your workout heats up. crewneck short sleeves moisture wicking polyester/spandex washable imported
Embrace the buttery soft texture of our pull-on faux-suede pants, which will put an elegant finishing touch on your cool-weather work or weekend wardrobe. 2 front slant pockets polyester washable imported misses: 30½ inseam misses short: 28 inseam petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam  
The long-lasting comfort of these knit boxers from Hanes will help him start his day off right. includes 3 boxers TAGFREE® comfort waist no-gap fly cotton/polyester washable imported  
Two shining rows of smooth hypoallergenic gold-tone metal form radiant hoops you can pair with any look.  Metal: Gold-tone metalBack: PostDimensions: .75x.75  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Hot dog! Crafted of polished sterling silver, these dachshund stud earrings are long on cuteness. Metal: Sterling silver Back: Friction Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
true This built-in cooktop’s five induction elements let you enjoy a new level of rapid, precise heating with a cool-to-the-touch surface that's easy to clean. Best of all, its GE Fits! Guarantee ensures an exact fit to make replacement easy. two 7 SyncBurners simultaneously heat large cookware or griddles 11 3,700-watt induction element rapidly boils water with GE's most powerful induction element stainless steel clad aluminum griddle lets you achieve even results glide touch controls let you precisely control heat instantly and easily with one swipe control lock capability protects against unintended activation custom settings let you personalize your cooktop to fit your cooking style blue LED display with beveled edge grey glass surface lets you enjoy a premium look that blends in with modern kitchen finishes multi-element timer lets you manage up to 5 pans at once with individual timers for each element pan presence and size sensor let you cook efficiently with elements that heat to the size of your pan and shut off when no pan is present 4 5/8 x 36 x 20 3/8
Featuring a stylish print and overlay chiffon, our sleeveless slip dress is perfect for your next sunny day spent outdoors. highneck pullover approx. 40-51 length from shoulder lined polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Style and comfort combine with our Brier Dolly high heel pumps. No one would guess that shoes this cute could be so comfy. technology Cushion Soft technology offers softness you can feel from your first step, long-lasting comfort and fit with minimal cushion compression optimal breathability via open-cell technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed absorbs impact and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction black: leather upper nude: synthetic upper rubber sole details 3⅜ heel slip on almond toe  cushioned midsole helps block shock and reduces pressure on the ball of the foot
Treat your fuzzy buddy like the king he is with this pet mat that explicitly states his rank in your household.   protects floors underneath pet dishes or by the kitchen sink indoor/outdoor use perfect for any pet lover or smaller pet liquid resistant nonskid latex backing rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces measures 13x19 Cotton/polyester with latex backing. Machine wash, dry flat. Imported.
She's sweet as can be in this embroidered romper. cap sleeves cinched cuffs nickel-free snaps on reinforced panel 100% cotton washable imported
These sandals feature a pop of bright color and woven details for a cute and casual accent to your outfits. textile upper 4⅝ wedge heel cute faux-woven heel detail rubber sole  
Give your style a classic cool edge in our must-have slim-fit straight-leg jeans. 5-pocket styling button-and-zip closure plus short: 31 inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our Aloysius soft cotton pillow cover will modernize any room in your home with its diamond pattern.  diamond pattern zipper closure 22x22 100% cotton spot clean only imported   Signature Design by Ashley® is a registered trademark of Ashley Furniture Industries, Inc.
Lee® original Relaxed Fit jeans have been redesigned with you in mind. Featuring the same great fit with updated washes, premium fabrics and more stretch, they're designed to make you feel comfortable and look great all day long. sits at waist relaxed fit straight leg with 19¼ opening Flex Stretch waistband button-and-zip fly 5-pocket styling black: cotton/spandex nile, Houston: cotton/polyester/LYCRA® spandex azul, dark: cotton/LYCRA® spandex washable imported plus: 31 inseam plus petite: 28 inseam
Featuring an extraordinarily comfortable cushioned footbed and soft leather design, our chic slingback sandals will keep you light on your feet, day or night.   leather upper 2½ heel adjustable buckled slingback strap Pillow-Top™ comfort footbed lightweight, flexible synthetic sole  
Cover your stools with comfortable, slip-resistant cushions featuring attractive patterns and colors, along with enhancing their comfort level. Non-Skid Gripper® for stay-put action without the use of ties each measures 15Wx15Dx2H sold in a set of 2 acrylic/polyester/polypropylene with polyester fill latex foam bottom wipe clean made in America
Relax in style in our cotton, with a laid-back fit that'll match perfectly with your favorite tee for an everyday look. relaxed fit sits below waist drawstring waist with button 4-pocket styling flat front 9½ inseam  100% cotton washable imported
Get the skinny on all things fashionable and comfortable with these stretchy twill skinny pants from IZOD, featuring an adjustable waist and easy-to-match design. adjustable waist zip fly with hook/eye closure 2 front slant pockets 2 back welt pockets cotton/spandex washable imported
With charming floral prints and paisleys, this quilted cotton throw combines coziness and comfort with updated retro styling.   quilted fabric-bound edges prewashed preshrunk 50x60” cotton washable imported
This large-scale wall clock features a colorful, distressed finish and classic Roman numeral styling on the border.   solid metal construction patina turquoise finish Metal. Measures 39½ in diameter; 1⅜ deep. Requires 1 “AA” battery, not included. Imported. Imported.
Our sportcoat features a plaid print and a modern fit for a hip, urban look.  peak lapel collar long sleeves 2 side vents 2 exterior and 4 interior pockets approx. 28½-34 length from center back  polyester lining polyester/rayon dry clean only imported
Turn down the thermostat and turn up this comfortable heated mattress pad to rest easy while saving both money and energy.   polyester top and back fits mattresses up to 19 deep digital, lighted controls 10-hour automatic shutoff Twin, Twin XL and Full sizes include one controller. Queen, King and Cal. King sizes include two controllers. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: 39x75 Twin XL: 39x80 Full: 54x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 76x80 Cal. King: 72x84
You'll be prepared for whatever the day brings with these work boots featuring a classic wooded print. construction nylon upper rubber sole details 10 shaft height slip on moisture-wicking high-abrasion lining cushioned insole with moisture-wicking cover lightweight outsole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
Featuring a teardrop shape that provides extra back support, this durable beanbag is a great addition to any entertainment space or family room. double-stitched design child-safe zipper 350-pound weight capacity cotton cover filled with polystyrene beads 35x34x27H made in America
Convenient and comfortable, this sleeping bag is a welcome companion when you’re camping or on the road. great for temperatures of 20-40°F fits people up to 5'11 Fiberlock™ construction prevents insulation from shifting, extending life of your sleeping bag Thermolock™ system reduces heat loss through the zippers zipper plows fabric away from the zipper to prevent snags Roll Control™ System makes folding quick and easy stuff sack for easy packing and storing zip 2 together for double the room Polyester. Measures 75x33. Washable. Imported.
Sweet dreams do come true with the fairytale comfort and style of this Dory nightshirt. ruffle trim polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
An easy and cute outfit combination, this top and scarf set features a fresh chevron pattern, graphic print and elegant crochet-back inset. set includes 3/4-sleeve top and matching scarf scoopneck crochet back high-low hem top: cotton/polyester/rayon scarf: polyester top: machine wash, line dry scarf: hand wash, line dry imported
true Cooking is a breeze with this true European convection with direct air wall oven. The self-clean options ensure that your time spent in the kitchen will be minimal. 5.0 cu. ft. total oven capacity glass touch controls so you can set temperatures quickly and clean with little effort ten-pass bake element ensures even baking with heat that covers more surface area, ten-pass dual broil element gets full broil coverage and even browning from edge to edge true European convection with direct air bakes evenly as warm air blows from the top in and around bakeware hidden bake oven interior makes cleanup easy by eliminating hard-to-reach areas self-clean with steam option self-clean, heavy-duty oven racks: conveniently clean your oven and racks together progressive halogen oven lighting lets you see what you're baking with lights that slowly illuminate the oven
Great for omelettes and pan searing, this skillet has sloped sides that let you flip and serve food easily. twice as hard as stainless steel for unsurpassed heat distribution and durability tempered glass lid has a stainless steel rim and allows you to monitor cooking without losing moisture or flavor silicone handle is double riveted for durability and stays cool to the touch impact-bonded 18/0 stainless steel base is suitable for use on induction, gas, ceramic top and electric ranges oven safe to 350ºF Aluminum, stainless steel, glass and silicone. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Our soft cotton shorts from JF J. Ferrar feature durable ripstop construction for a lightweight everyday option that lasts. includes belt modern fit sits at waist 2 front pockets 2 back flap pockets flat front 10 inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Perfect for fruity reds and light rosés, these oversized, Italian-crafted wine glasses bring elegance to any occasion.   lead-free, break-resistant glass each has a 20-ounce capacity set of 2 Glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Store your food longer with Vac 'n Save round food containers. They seal in freshness and flavor by keeping out moisture and air. high-resistance silicone gasket provides an airtight, leak-proof barrier side buckles for additional seal great to use at home or on the road easy and compact storage 7-piece set includes: small 20-ounce container and lid; 4.133x4.133x4.133H medium 34-ounce container and lid: 5.315x5.315x5.196H large 67-ounce container and lid: 6.496x6.496x6.18H hand-held pump: 2.25x2.25x5.5H Plastic/silicone. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
What it is: An all-in-one moisturizing sunscreen that brings radiance and brightness to the skin. What it is formulated to do: This protective illuminating base and sunscreen utilizes UVB-isolating ingredients to block out damaging UVB rays—one of the causes of premature aging. Micro opal pearl refracts and reflects different angles of light to brighten skin while covering imperfections. UVB-protecting ingredients are immediately absorbed upon application for a flawless finish. The formula contains 70 percent more moisture than regular sun cream for maximum hydration. UV-protecting ingredients are dissolved to diminish the appearance of white residue after application. What else you need to know: This product is dermatologist tested and cruelty-free. It is free of skin-clogging mineral oil for a clear and fresh glow. Suggested Usage: -At the last step of your skin care routine, gently apply to the entire face, dotting the nose, cheeks, chin, and forehead. -Blend each area evenly in an outward and upward motion until absorbed. -Apply at least 15 minutes prior to sun exposure. Precautions: -When using this product, keep out of eyes. Rinse with water to remove. -Keep out of reach of children. -For external use only. -Do not use on damaged or broken skin. -Stop use and ask a doctor if a rash occurs. -If swallowed, get medical help or contact a Poison Control Center right away. -Spending time in the sun increases your risk of skin cancer and early skin aging. This product has been shown only to help prevent sunburn, not skin cancer or early skin aging. Size:1.7 ozIngredients: -Evening Primrose Flower Extract: Provides soothing and antioxidant properties. -Glacial Water: Calms and moisturizes. -Deep Sea Water: Softens the appearance of skin and supplies moisture. -Phyto Active Complex: Nourishes and removes active oxygen. Water, Octinoxate, Octisalate, Phenylbenzimidazole Sulfonic Acid, Octocrylen, Butylene Glycol, Mica, Butyloctyl Salicylate, C12-15 Alkyl Benzoate, Titanium Dioxide, Cetearyl Alcohol, Cetearyl Olivate, Glyceryl Stearate, Sorbitan Olivate, Polyacrylate-13, Polysorbate 60, Sodium Hydroxide, Dimethicone, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbitan Stearate, Polyisobutene, PEG-100 Stearate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tocopheryl Acetate, Disodium EDTA, 1,2-Hexanediol, Polysorbate 20, Sorbitan Isostearate.
Great-fitting briefs in a smooth lightweight fabric feature an innovative waist band that prevents muffin top with an incredibly relaxed and flattering fit.   no muffin top  modern brief silhouette  silky microfiber fabric  tagless    nylon/elastane   washable imported manufacturer’s style #5738
Embrace your global side with our mirrored map with a slightly distressed frame. hanging hardware not included printed wood and glass 35x1.7x26H wipe clean imported
Ideal for dress and casual wear, our polo features 100% soft, cotton material with a 3-button flat-collared design. flat collar 3-button placket regular, loose fit 100% cotton machine wash; dry flat imported
This Vintage Collection kettle popcorn maker with its unique style, reminiscent of large vendor carts from the early 1900s, will be the hit of every party. 2½-ounce capacity stainless steel kettle with built-in stirring system tempered plastic windows and light allow you to watch the popcorn popping pops up to 10 cups of popcorn per batch. bin capacity of up to 30 cups of popped popcorn tilt-out popcorn door for easy serving includes measuring spoon for oil, measuring cup for popcorn kernels and recipes Plastic. Measures 14¼x11½x20½H. Hand wash parts. Imported. 
Serve your refreshments in cool class when the weather is warm with the beautifully constructed Michelangelo Masterpiece belly pitcher.    clean, seamless design   complementary to Michelangelo Masterpiece stemware and barware  classic enough for entertaining but perfect for everyday use  84-ounce capacity Lead-free glass. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
An allover print adds a pop of personality to performance-ready workout capris. tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin credit card pocket at waistband 21 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Hit the trail in style with these comfortable hiking boots that are designed to provide superior cold-weather protection. construction synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up
Bring intergalactic style to buttoned-up looks with this handsome dress shirt and Star Wars-themed tie. includes long-sleeve dress shirt and tie shirt: cotton/polyester
Girl's jumper is a cute and preppy look for your schoolgirl.     V-neck pleated polyester twill washable imported
Comfortably express your style in this sport coat from Collection by Michael Strahan, featuring a soft-touch fabric that stretches. only at JCPenney stretch fabric moves with you big and tall fit notch lapel 2-button front 3 exterior pockets 3 interior pockets back side vents shell: polyester/rayon/spandex lining: polyester dry clean only imported
Made with lightweight poplin fabric, our Angus Springs shorts from Columbia are perfect for warm-weather, active days. zip fly with button closure 2 front and 2 back pockets 10 inseam 100% cotton poplin washable imported
Unlined for a natural look, our full-coverage bra by Ambrielle boasts built-in support, wider straps and sultry lace overlays on the cups and wings for a sleek look under your clothes.   Style: full coverage; provides the most coverage Padding: unlined underwire cups naturally shape and support with built-in side panels for greater support Fabric: nylon/spandex Care: hand wash, line dry Origin: imported
Give casual looks a pop of personality with these unique, patchwork skinny jeans. 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure patch details cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Practical and stylish, this 10L semi-round step trash can from Simplehuman® will look great with any kitchen’s décor.   features a slow, silent-close lid fingerprint-proof brushed, stainless steel finish removable plastic bucket bag tuck opening hides excess bag stay-open feature holds the lid open for longer chores nonskid base protects floors while keeping the can steady 10L capacity 10-year manufacturer’s warranty. 10.6x11.2x17.5H. Steel. Imported.
Show your passion for sports with this bedding set that has everything you need to give your bedroom a new look that's sure to hit it out of the park. sporty design in blue, chocolate and pumpkin solid coordinating design on back geometric print sheets and shams sheet set fits mattresses up to 10 deep 5-piece Twin/Twin XL sets include: comforter sham flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase 7-piece Full sets include: comforter 2 shams flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin/Twin XL and Full sets include standard sham(s) and pillowcase(s). Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester sham(s), flat sheet, fitted sheet and pillowcase(s). Washable. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: comforter is 64x86; sham is 26x20; flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x80; pillowcase is 30x20 Full: comforter is 76x86; shams are 26x20; flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20
Have a whole lot of fun feeding a hungry, rowdy crowd or creating a simple, delicious meal for one using this hard-anodized nonstick cookware set. long-lasting hard-anodized construction heats swiftly and evenly interiors are coated in durable nonstick for impeccable food release and easy cleanup grippy handles are rubberized for comfort and double riveted for strength shatter-resistant glass lids make it easy to monitor foods while they cook without losing heat or moisture oven safe to 350°F 14-piece set includes: 1-quart saucepan with lid 2-quart saucepan with lid 3-quart saucepan with lid 3-quart sauté pan with lid 4-quart stock pot with lid 6-quart stock pot with lid 8½ skillet 10 skillet Aluminum with glass lids. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
Uncomplicated yet completely substantial, this handsome canopy bed and nightstand feature unadorned details with clean lines and a sleek finish.   hardwood and engineered wood construction rich ebony finish bed features raised panels on headboard and footboard nightstand features a storage drawer and cubby Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported. Queen canopy bed: 64Wx88Dx81H King canopy bed: 80Wx88Dx81H Nightstand: 18Wx16Dx24H
By turning on your heated mattress pad before retiring for the night, your bed becomes a comfortable, warm place to snuggle into.    saves energy by allowing you to turn down your thermostat and turn up your pad graduated warmth provides more heat at your feet quilted construction one control each for the Twin and Full; two controls each for the Queen, King and Cal. King sizes components are in the control not the pad 10-hour auto-off 6-ounce fill weight extra-long cord stretch fit skirt fits mattresses up to 21 UL approved Cotton/polyester top with polyester back and fill. Washable. Imported. Twin: 39x75 Full: 54x75 Queen: 60x80 King: 76x80 Cal. King: 72x84 Don't use electric pads and electric blankets together; this could cause a hazardous situation. 
Crystal fireballs and cultured freshwater pearls stack on this earring and necklace set for a combination of classic and glam.   Metal: Sterling silver Pearl Type: Cultured freshwater pearls Pearl Color: White Pearl Size: 6-6.5mm Other Stones: Crystals Earring Back: Wire Necklace Closure: Spring-ring Necklace Dimensions: 18 long rope chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
You’ll love this array of neutral yet unique sock designs and colors for everyday casual wear. package of 6 pairs slight elastic ankle for secure fit polyester/spandex washable imported fits shoe sizes 4-10
This pillow sham coordinates with the Bensonhurst comforter set and accessories bedding group.   coordinating quilted fabric features a contrasting flange washable, easy-care fabric Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
This Zoo York logo tee spells out great style with a soft, blended fabric that makes your days more comfortable. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Finish off your modern look with our reversible floral perforated belt, featuring scallop edges and an oval buckle.   1.5” wide vinyl imported
Our cute panties come seamless and discreet so you won't have panty lines.  low rise seamless cotton/spandex washable imported
Fit with dangling tassels at the pleated neckline, our Stylus tank top has a flowy feel and serious style. roundneck drawstring tassels at neckline pleats around neckline approx. 29¼-30½ length polyester washable imported
Gothic meets girly in this stunning teardrop necklace, which features black metal and a lace metalwork pendant.   Metal: Black metalStones: Black beadsClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 31 long chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With 10 power levels and eight preprogrammed cooking modes, this microwave oven lets you cut down your cooking time.   contemporary design with stainless steel front and silver-colored cabinet user-friendly electronic control panel with digital display 8 preprogrammed cooking modes for commonly microwaved foods auto-defrost modes by weight and time express cooking function for instant cooking and reheating customize cooking to perfection with 10 power levels 1.1-cubic-foot capacity AC current. 1000 watts. Metal. Measures 16.7x20.2x12H. Clean with a damp cloth. Imported.  
This sturdy backpack is designed to get you through any terrain or class while keeping your supplies safe. Repelaweave and Repalagrid fabric with Taurpalite bottom for maximum protection against elements water-resistant and ripstop fabric double stitch seams nylon strap handle high-density, breathable and load-absorbing shoulder harness load stabilizing sternum strap ergonomic max load multi-compartment design; gear tech computer sleeve fits most 17 laptops dual stretch mesh hydration pockets; multi-pocket organizer; barrier zipper tricot-lined pocket for valuables TSA approved hide-away load stabilizing waist belt adjustable compression straps bottom stash straps durable water-repellent zippers ergonomic raised foam back panel with lumbar support Nylon. Measures 12x9.25x18.5H; weighs 2.3 pounds. Spot clean. Imported.
Embrace the style of the outdoors with our frilly boots that add a rustic look to your outfit. textile/polyester upper thermoplastic rubber sole  
Featuring contemporary X-style and ample storage space, this bookcase gives any room a chic, airy look.   solid wood construction glazed finish 3 spacious storage shelves Measures 30Wx12Dx34H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required. Imported.
The colorful bird and bright flowers on this canvas wall art contrast beautifully with its gray background, giving you a delightfully intriguing addition to any room.   fade-resistant canvas over a wood frame printed with top-quality inks mounting hardware included Canvas/wood. Measures 18x24H. Imported.
Highlight your curves in this push-up bandeau swim top, which has a fun print and allover style. adjustable straps molded cups underwire double hook closure partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
You are going to want to make some moves in this fun, striped dress that features trendy geometric cuts. v-neck zipper back closure sleeveless 44 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Let your little hero show off his goofy side with this cool tee featuring a funny Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle graphic.   crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Wake up your work day with our stretch-knit gaucho pants, whose neat seams and drawstring elastic waist add structure, while a fun print keeps your look lively. 2 front pockets 17½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
You'll love the easy comfort of our shaker sweater for a refreshed take on a classic wardrobe favorite. crew neckline striped detail on sleeves misses: 28 length from shoulder cotton/nylon/modal/wool washable imported
This super soft draped pajama shirt has dyed buttons to match the grosgrain ribbon detailing, and the capris bottoms have a fun pattern. ½-button front short sleeves elastic waistband and self drawstring top: polyester/rayon pants: rayon/spandex washable imported
These checked, flat-front suit pants offer a style refresher in a resilient fabric that won’t get road-weary. And they’re machine washable, too. crease-resistant and resilient fabric classic fit zip fly with button tab and hook-and-eye closure flat front front slash pockets back button-through welt pockets lined to the knee hemmed fabric: wool/polyester lining: polyester washable imported
Neutral need not be boring as our wonderful Rosetti crossbody bag proves with a style that makes you smile and colors you can wear every day.   adjustable strap, 24 drop zipper closure vinyl buckle detail on front exterior: 1 front pocket with magnetic snap and 1 back slip pocket interior: 1 zip pocket and 2 slip cell/key pockets 9Hx4Wx11¾D imported
true The Samsung WA8700 top load washing machine has a patented built-in sink. Easily pretreat your clothes with the activewash™ built-in sink and water jet. The large 5.2 cf. washing machine featuring AquaJet® Deep Clean technology cleans your clothes deeply, but gently. And with Super Speed technology, you can get your laundry done in as little as 36 minutes**, without sacrificing the quality of the wash. ENERGY STAR® qualified activewash™ includes a built-in sink and a water jet for a one stop solution for stain removal and pre-washing. Large 5.2 cu.ft. capacity gets more laundry done in less time Super Speed cycle washes a full load in as little as 36 minutes AquaJet® Cleaning Technology harnesses the power of high-impact water jets to gently wash your biggest loads Samsung’s patented VRT® technology reduces noise an incredibly low level. Easily customize each load as needed with 15 preset wash cycles designed to tackle everything from delicate garments to heavy duty sheets and towels. Steam Wash cycle improves the cleaning quality of your wash fill hoses are required for installation (sold separately)
Add natural charm to your bedroom with this decorative pillow featuring a deer silhouette. deer silhouette embroidery on pinstripe design solid gray background measures 18x18 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
The one to watch. This timepiece features a gold-tone face with multifunction sub dials that display day, date and 24 hours. Make it extraordinary by personalizing with a name or message. Dial Color: Gold-tone Strap: Two-tone metal alloy Clasp: Foldover Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 40mm Case Thickness: .33 Bracelet Dimensions: 7.8 long; 20mm wide Model No.: 61922-3C Special Features: 3 multifunction dials (date, date, 24 hour) Personalize: Up to 13 characters on dial Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Super-soft. Super-comfortable. It's everything and more than you'd expect of your favorite beanbag chair.   velvety soft faux suede microfiber stylish, sophisticated colors double-stitched seams and auto-lock safety zipper 112 beanbag has handle and teardrop shape for full lounging comfort refillable Polyester with polystyrene pellets. Measurements stated are circumferences. Spot clean. USA.
This sporty watch features a gold-tone bezel that stands out against a black strap.   Brand: U.S. Polo Association Bezel Color: Black Dial Color: Black Strap: Gray metal alloy link Movement: Quartz   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Power through your workout with our quick dry tank top with mesh back for ventilation. quick dry no chafe seams mesh back for ventilation polyester/spandex washable imported
Perform your athletic best with our swim trunks from Nike, featuring mesh side panels for ventilation and a built-in mesh brief for comfort and support. elastic waist with lace-up closure built-in mesh briefs mesh panels at side lower leg pocket with Velcro® closure for secure storage side pockets with mesh pocket bag 9 inseam polyester washable imported
With your love for the open road, the Levi's trucker jacket is a must. Its style is all-American cool, and its fit is ready for any adventure.   relaxed fit spread collar vertical seam construction button closure 2 welt and 2 button-flap chest pockets adjustable side tabs cotton washable import
Beautifully crafted with two tones of leather, these wingtip oxfords are perfect for all your important outings. leather upper lace up cushioned insole with memory foam synthetic sole
Your pet has made an impression on your heart; now show off how much you adore them with these black crystal paw earrings. Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Black crystals Back: Friction Dimensions: .35x.32 long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Feel flirty and feminine in our cold-shoulder dress featuring romantic ruffles and eye-catching details. squareneck spaghetti straps and flutter sleeves 30 ½length from neck rayon machine wash, line dry imported
The Champion systems jacket is all you need to keep up with the ever-changing weather. Wear the synthetic down liner and water-resistant shell by themselves, or combine the two under more extreme conditions. 27 long polyester washable imported Outer Jacket durable, water-resistant shell drawcord hood zip front left chest logo multiple pockets for accessories and maps dual-adjust drawcord hem Inner Jacket highly compressed insulation traps heat wind and water resistant zip front left chest logo interior smart pocket and media portal  
Combine your love of the outdoors with your natural sense of style with this comforter set featuring a standout camo print. camo tree branch print on solid background coordinating shams in matching print print repeats on back 2-piece Twin sets include: comforter sham 3-piece Full, Queen and King sets include: comforter 2 shams Twin, Full and Queen sets include standard sham(s). King sets include king shams. Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester sham(s). Washable. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x86; sham is 26x20 Full: comforter is 76x86; shams are 26x20 Queen: comforter is 86x90; shams are 26x20 King: comforter is 104x94; shams are 36x20
Take your style up a notch with our oversized cold-shoulder t-shirt, with the comfort of a t-shirt and completely modern cutout. v-neck cutout shoulder oversized fit approx. 25½ length rayon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Give your casual wear a feminine slant with our flutter-sleeve popover shirt. v-neck front pleats shirring at shoulders flutter sleeves approx. 21¼-23¼ length polyester washable imported
The perfect backpack for your serious needs, our GX-600 has two main storage compartments and a collection of smaller pockets for items like sunglasses, IDs and a laptop.  contoured, adjustable shoulder straps dual main compartments 2 accessory compartments padded back with ventilation front and side 1 MOLLE attachment system to add additional units and pouches side compression straps padded, adjustable waist belt sunglass/goggle compartment padded laptop sleeve internal mesh pouch with zipper durable nylon 9.84x13x19.69H spot clean imported
Layered in lace, our multi-tier belted dress will instantly catapult your look into the stratosphere.   high neck front, keyhole back 3/4 sleeves ribbon tie approx. 39½ length from shoulder nylon/polyester/spandex lining: polyester hand wash, dry flat imported   Returns: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Brush up on the basics with our versatile stretch twill pants—featuring rolled cuffs and straight-leg styling. 2 front and 2 back pockets cotton/ spandex washable imported misses: 27 inseam petite: 25 inseam
Hit a sweet or savory triple with the Rachael Ray Yum-o! nonstick three-piece Oven Lovin’ cookie pan set that includes small, medium and large baking pans for creating delish baked foods. durable carbon steel construction resists warping long-lasting nonstick coating provides excellent food release and easy cleanup bold-colored, extra-wide grippy handles on the pans provide a confident grasp oven safe to 450°F 3-piece set includes: 9x13 cookie pan 10x15 cookie pan 11x17 cookie pan
Alternating rows of white and champagne diamonds are set horizontally across this 10K white gold band, giving him a contrast he'll love.Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K white goldStones: ⅛ ct. t.w. round white and champagne diamondsSetting: ChannelDimension: 14x8.75mmGallery Height: 2.45mmDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
The power of the pleat has been revived in our eye-catching Liz Claiborne pleated dress. roundneck sleeveless sidezipper approx. 42¾ length lined polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Show the world that you've been a fan since the beginning with the retro styling of this Star Wars tee. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
Cut to sparkle from every angle, these cubic zirconia stud earrings ensure you’re perfectly accessorized. A good choice for sensitive ears, they’re lead and nickel free.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Cubic zirconia Back: Friction   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Adjustable straps and a bust- and hip-minimizing shape make this swimdress an easy choice for any body type. molded soft cups partially lined nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
The premium combination of gel technology and memory foam in this mattress topper provides the cooling comfort sleepers crave for a restorative night’s sleep.   220 thread-count polyester cover premium polyester fiberfill with polyurethane foam clusters gusseted with baffled box stitching secures to mattress with 2x8 elastic anchor bands polypropylene inner liner Manufacturer’s 10-year warranty. Spot clean. Made in America of imported materials. Twin: 39x75x3H Full: 54x75x3H Queen: 60x80x3H King: 76x80x3H Memory Foam Tips: remove from packaging within 72 hours after unwrapping, air product for a few hours to eliminate trapped odors allow 48 hours for this product to return to its original shape Topper dimensions may be sized slightly smaller than your mattress for a secure fit under your sheets.
A timeless plaid pattern lends panache to this slim tie from JF J. Ferrar. includes slim tie and tie bar 2¾ wide; 58 long polyester spot clean imported
Our marled tank top from BELLE + SKY has a simple, subtle design that's perfect for your relaxed look. roundneck approx. 25 5/8-27 15/16 length polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Make a textural statement in any space with this beautiful decorative pillow featuring a regal damask pattern and exquisite raised jacquard fabric.   innovative take on the timeless damask design corded trim for a designer touch durable, easy-care polyester/spandex blend fabric coordinates nicely with Stretch Jacquard Damask slipcovers, sold separately measures 18x18 Polyester/spandex. Requires an 18 square pillow form, sold separately. Spot clean. Imported.
Go back in time with the Lil' Rider Cruisin' Coupe battery-operated classic car. Your little one will have hours of enjoyment cruising around just like mom and dad in their very own classic car. use the remote control or let your child take the wheel rechargeable battery (includes charging cable) plays MP3s (cord included) on/off switch, volume control, and song selection buttons working headlights with on/off switch working horn and car noises  gas gauge indicates battery and heat levels remote control requires two AA batteries (not included) recommended for ages 3 and up 70-pound weight capacity requires 6V, 4.5AH battery (included) 2-3 mph 36x22x15½ assembly required; screwdriver needed polyresin composite plastic imported
true The counter-depth design of this French-door refrigerator offers a built-in look by fitting nearly flush with surrounding cabinetry in your kitchen while its hot water dispenser lets you choose your own temperature or from one of the four pre-programmed settings to simplify hot food and drink preparation. ENERGY STAR® qualified precise fill setting dispenses filtered water in accurate measurements for easy food and drink preparation advanced water filtration system uses a RPWFE replacement filter that removes trace pharmaceuticals from water and ice colorful LCD screen lets you add a personal touch when you upload photos from your flash drive full-width, electronic temperature-controlled drawer with colorful LED lights and 3 accurate settings that deliver the optimal temperature for your favorite foods while indicating the chosen setting drop-down tray allows for extra door storage when you need it and tucks away when you don't TwinChill™ evaporators separate climates in the fresh food and freezer sections help keep foods fresh 22.1 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage room showcase LED lighting is positioned throughout the interior and under fresh food doors to spotlight foods inside the refrigerator and in the freezer hot water scheduling feature lets you have hot water waiting for you any time of day 69 7/8 x 35 3/4 x 31 1/4
Send the cute alarms into overdrive with this adorable fire truck set. includes long-sleeve bodysuit, short-sleeve bodysuit and pants bodysuits: roundneck, expandable shoulders, embroidered, nickel-free leg snaps on reinforced panel pants: elastic waist, fire truck appliqué on bottom 100% cotton washable imported
These vertical-striped, moisture-wicking crew socks are ideal for hunters, outdoorsmen or anyone who desires functional comfort and authentic Mossy Oak styling. package of 3 moisture wicking comfort toe seam cushioned foot bottom arch support polyester/cotton/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 9-12½
With a quality jacquard fabric, this sophisticated sheet set will leave a lasting impression on your sleep.   100% combed cotton jacquard fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 18 deep Set includes: flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Full and Queen sets include two standard pillowcases. King set includes two king pillowcases. Extra pillowcases are sold separately. Cotton. Washable. Imported. Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x21 Queen: flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 30x20 King: flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 40x20
Levi's slimmest fit from hip to hem, the 510 Skinny Jean sits below the waist, then gets narrow through the leg – all the way to the ankle.   slim fit zipper fly; button closure 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
This set of glasses is ideal for formal or informal events with their colorful, detailed patterns embedded in the glass. crafted in Turkey set of 4 each measures 3.25x3.25x3.5H; 6.75-oz. capacity hand-blown glass dishwasher safe imported
Floral-themed graphic tee from Arizona brings soft color to your laidback spring and summer days. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester or cotton washable imported
For warm-weather style, you'll love our sleeveless lace romper, featuring a fun double-strap look. v-neck sleeveless approx. 31¾-34½ length lace rayon/spandex washable imported
Bali's Double Support bra has the comfort of superior support plus the beauty of a delicate lace print.     innovative gel pouch technology tagless adjustable straps nylon/spandex, exclusive of trim machine wash, line dry imported of domestic materials manufacturer's style #3372
Featuring a fun pom-pom trim, this relaxed-fit skort is sure to become her new favorite. polyester/rayon machine wash, dry flat imported
Beautiful coloring on our crepe scarf print top will surely earn you some nods of approval. v-neck polyester washable imported misses: approx. 24½ - 25¾ length petite: approx. 24⅜ - 24½ length
Add some muscle to your warm-weather look with this cotton-rich tank top, featuring a standout Mickey’s Gym graphic. crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
What it is: A versatile and two-in-one, double-ended liner brush designed to perfectly complement the bestselling, clay pot Amazonian clay waterproof liner.What it does:Pull of the perfect line with tarte’s new etch & sketch double-ended bamboo liner brush. It features an ergonomic, angled tip that contours to the shape of the eye, along with a straight, precision liner tip for even more versatility that allows you to “sketch on” a perfectly crisp line that’s tight to the lash line. Create a crisp, thin line or a dramatic cat eye without any pulling or tugging. Designed with sustainably-sourced bamboo brush, its two versatile liner ends are made with soft, synthetic bristles that are specifically angled to reach around the contours of the eye. This ergonomic brush is the perfect tool ensuring that you can create on-point, upper and lower liner looks.What else you need to know:This brush is ideal for applying tarte’s clay pot Amazonian clay waterproof liner (sold separately).Suggested Usage:For a dramatic cat eye:-Simply dip the double-ended brush into the velvety clay pot formula and glide it across the upper and lower lash line for instant definition. -The The ergonomic angled tip contours to the shape of the eye and is ideal for applying along the upper rim and inner corners. -The straight tip on the opposite end allows for even more versatility, whether you want to create a foolproof, crisp wing or smoldering definition on the lower lash line.
Spring is in the air with our 3/4-sleeve leaf striped tee, which is comfortable, versatile and stylish, making it an easy addition to your warm-weather wardrobe. v-neck pullover 26¾ length cotton/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
She'll love the graphics and colors on this short-sleeve tee by Hello Kitty. crewneck screen-printed graphics cotton/polyester washable imported
Now she can join Dory in her journey to find her parents with our fun Dory knot-back tank top. crewneck knot back detail with shirring cotton/polyester washable imported
Enjoy your outdoor time and use our lightweight yet effective gazebo netting to block pesky bugs. perfect complement to the gazebo lightweight and easy to see through 118x118x80H polyester wipe clean imported
Stimulate your brain and your senses when you enjoy your caffeine boost in one of these mugs featuring designs based on mathematics, physics, history and the periodic table of the elements.   durable porcelain construction easy-grip handles each has a 15-ounce capacity microwave safe set of 4 Porcelain. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Amp up your elegance with this stainless steel watch from Citizen®. This classy timepiece features Eco-Drive technology and is charged by solar power.   Brand: Citizen Dial Color: Silver Bracelet: Stainless Steel Clasp: Push-button fold over clasp Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: up to 50 meters Case Dimensions: 25mm x 7.5mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7.5 long, 15mm wide Model No.: EW1272-01P Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The timeless style of analog and the functionality of digital are combined in this one watch, giving you the ability to see up to two times or the date with day of the week. Brand: Casio Dial Color: Black Strap: Black resin Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 48mm Case Thickness: 11mm Bracelet Dimensions: 4.9 long; 3.3 wide Model No.: AMW320R-1EV Special Features: 1/10th-second stopwatch; hourly time signal; alarm; 12/24-hour format; auto calendar Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Featuring a tight top, this firm mattress set’s thick memory foam and encased coils give you added comfort and all-over support throughout the night. 825 Sealy Embrace™ innerspring system plus encased coil cover is polyester/polypropylene quilt: FlameGuard™ fiber; 2 x ½ Hypersoft™ foam comfort layers: 1 high-performance SealyFoam™; 1.5 SealyFoam™;  ½ SealyCool™ gel memory foam center SolidEdge™ HD system Stable Support™ foundation twin: 37½x74½x11½H; 496 coil count  twin XL: 37½x79½x11½H; 528 coil count  full: 53½x74½x11½H; 682 coil count  queen/split queen: 59½x79½x11½H; 825 coil count  king: 75½x79½x11½H; 1056 coil count  cal. king: 71½x83½x11½H; 990 coil count  made in America Your mattress is created exclusively for you only after you order it, then delivered directly to you. Set includes mattress plus box spring. Box spring measures 9H; mattress set measures 20½H when stacked. Split queen mattress set features a 2-piece side-by-side foundation for easier navigation in tight spaces. You can purchase this mattress without a box spring, but your best value is to buy the set together. The matching box spring is specially designed to provide support, absorb shock and reduce wear to the mattress. You'll sleep more comfortably, and your new mattress will last longer.
Ready for a challenge? This sport watch will take you there and back with its vibrant pink accents and easy-read digital format.   Brand: Armitron Dial Color: Gray Strap: Black and pink resin Water Resistance: 100m Bracelet Dimensions: 7½ long; 20mm wide Model No.: 45/7030PNKJ Special Features: Stopwatch; alarm; date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Put a little spring in her step with our beautiful flats featuring a cluster of ornamental flowers on the toe. synthetic upper slip on EVA sole
With beautiful crochet lace trim, this fashionable tunic has plenty of unique touches to satisfy her style. crochet lace at shoulder and yoke roundneck cap sleeves polyester/rayon/nylon/spandex washable imported
This drum is perfect for the beginning drummer or hobbyist, with everything you need to get the sound you want. wood drum shells hardware includes snare stand, cymbal boom stand, hi-hat stand, single chain drive bass drum pedal, two tom arms and throne cymbals include 14 hi-hats and 16 crash includes drumsticks and drum tuning key wood/metal alloy/mylar wipe clean 51x46x43H assembly required; key tool included imported 5-piece set includes: 16x20 bass drum 8x10 tom 9x12 tom 14x14 floor tom 5.5x14 snare drum
Increase your style options in this plaid dress shirt from Collection by Michael Strahan, featuring a soft cotton fabric that stretches for comfort. only at JCPenney mechanical stretch fabric (woven to stretch without spandex) spread collar button front long sleeves side pleat back adjustable button cuffs rounded hem 100% cotton washable imported
What it is:An overnight, quick-absorbing gel that strengthens the skin barrier function and delivers continuous moisture.What it is formulated to do:Sleep is when the body repairs itself. Make use of this precious healing period with this weightless, leave-on mask that creates a protective barrier on your skin, locking in vital moisture and nutrients while you “beauty sleep.” Hyaluronic acid macromolecule feeds continuous moisture deep into the dermal layer, replenishing skin’s nighttime water supply, while olive leaf and cranberry strengthen the skin barrier to boost elasticity. A fragrant blend of nine essential oils promote a deep, comforting sleep, leaving your skin ultimately revitalized and you refreshed.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dyes- Petrochemicals- Phthalates- GMOs- TriclosanWhat else you need to know:This product is bioferment-based and free of parabens, alcohol, colorants, and artificial fragrance. Suggested Usage:-After using serum and moisturizer, smooth two to three pumps of product evenly on face and neck 10 minutes before sleeping.-Do not rinse off product will absorb.-Cleanse in morning with warm water. Size1.75 oz Ingredients -Hyaluronic Acid Macromolecule: Can hold up to 1000 times its weight in water.-Olive Leaf Extract: Strengthens skin barrier.- Lactobacillus Peptide: Protects; antibacterial.-Cranberry Extract: Enhances elasticity.Fructan, Baobab Seed Extract, Sophora Japonica Flower, Portulaca Oleracea Extract, Equisetum Arvense Extract, 9 Essential Oils Blend of Lavender, Myrrh, Orange, Rose, Lemon, Lime, Sandalwood, Chamomile, Geranium.
Get comfy and cozy for a great night's sleep with the soft construction and comfortable fit of our knitted nightshirt. cotton/polyester washable imported
These easy-match chino shorts are sure to become an everyday favorite, featuring durable and comfortable cotton fabric and a convenient pull-on style. faux-fly with button 1/2-elastic waist 2 front pockets 2 faux back welt pockets back elastic waist for easy pull-on style 100% cotton washable imported
Colorful plaid shirt is a smart, stretch-easy blend of polo and button-front, with features like a button-down collar and a pocket with flap.   3-button placket left chest flap pocket cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
With a flowy grace, our high-low dress is a delightful way to make an entrance and keep their attention. halter neckline sleeveless approx. 33-55 length from shoulder high-low hem polyester lining: polyester hand wash, line dry imported   Returns: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place
Add an element of beauty with our best-selling lace coordinates. An allover floral pattern covers this sheer panel for a subtle hint of romantic styling.   1½ rod pocket great for layering with other window treatments easy-to-hang rod-pocket styling sheer quality of lace offers light filtering as well as a measure of privacy gorgeous scalloped edges 1½ header coordinating tie backs included Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Measured from top of rod pocket down, exclusive of header. Hang on a rod up to ½ in diameter. Polyester. Washable. Imported.  
  Add a little luxe to your day with our pretty quilted handbag featuring chain details.   top handle(s) or strap, 10 drop magnetic snap closure vinyl faux-leather quilted diamond pattern faux leather woven through chain strap exterior: front small ID envelope pocket interior: wall zipper pocket, 2 open cell pockets 12Hx3Wx15D imported
This pullover performance hoodie from adidas is the one you’ll reach for over and over for warmth and comfort. Its weight allows for wearing alone or as a layer on colder days. climawarm™ moisture management technology slim fit hood with drawstring long sleeves with iconic 3-stripe detail kangaroo pocket polyester washable imported
The tiered cut of our lace maxi skirt gives it a rich texture, with a sheer lace bottom for added detail. slim fit sheer lace bottom 39½ length nylon/spandex polyester lining washable imported
Add a soft layer of warmth to any outfit with this all-cotton cardigan from Carter’s. roundneck long sleeves button front ribbed cuffs and hem 100% cotton washable imported
Everyone needs some extra breathing room sometimes. The Comfort Fit waist expands up to 2 inches of extra room without losing shape.   flat front zipper and button closure side-seam pockets back button-through welt pockets roomy fit through seat and thighs cotton/polyester washable imported  
Chantal commemorated its 40th year in business with this fashionable tea kettle. This kettle’s ergonomic handle fits comfortably in the hand for easy pouring while the wide, flat bottom facilitates rapid boiling.   made with magnetic carbon steel to work on all cooktops including induction easy to clean no-fade color 2-quart capacity Enamel on steel. Hand wash. Imported.
The modern, youthful aesthetic on these running shoes is not only energetic but comfortable as well.   technology lightweight textile upper has two-color mesh injected phylon midsole delivers a consistently soft ride mile after mile rubber outsole provides excellent traction and durability   construction rubber sole   details lace up
Enjoy fresh, delicious smoothies, juices and more with this Jamba Juice blender that makes short work of ingredients to help you drink healthier. powerful 2.4 peak HP motor blades reach speeds over 210 mph infinite speed dial 4 program settings pulse controls 64-ounce container AC current. Plastic. Measures 8.70x7.60x17.32H. Container is dishwasher safe; wipe base clean. Imported.
true Getting your laundry fresh and dry has never been so simple as with this dryer from LG. Tag On Technology lets you download new cycles for your dryer from an easy-to-use app, making laundry day simpler than ever. ENERGY STAR® qualified 7.4 cu. ft. ultra large capacity Intelligent Electronic Controls with Dual LED Display with Dial-A-Cycle™ stackable design provides an all-in-one vertical look to maximize floor space ReduceStatic™ Option lightly moistens clothes to make ironing easier and more efficient SmartDiagnosis™ feature helps the service center diagnose problems over the phone or smartphone app Lo Decibel™ Quiet Operation minimizes dryer noise to help keep your environment peaceful NFC Tag-on technology allows you to quickly and easily change and customize cycles with a simple smartphone app FlowSense™ Duct Clogging Indicator lets you know when it's time to clean the ducts Note: In order for pedestals to be installed they must be purchased and delivered with the corresponding washer and dryer.shop matching washer
He's bound to love our super comfy cotton shorts, perfect for a relaxed warm-weather outfit. adjustable chambray-lined waistband zip fly with button closure functional pockets hits at mid-knee 100% cotton washable imported
Framed by a floral print and wide flange, the embroidered blue and taupe flowers take center stage on this charming pillow sham. 2” decorative flange measures 26x20” Sold individually. Cotton with cotton back. Washable. Imported.
Eye-catching earrings shine with 1/5 ct. t.w. princess-cut diamonds set in 14K gold, creating a look of timeless style and irresistible elegance.   Metal: 14K white gold Stones: 1/5 ct. t.w. princess-cut diamonds Setting: Prong Back: Friction Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
From the inner and outer storm flaps to the rib-knit cuffs, this stylish parka is well designed to keep the cold out while holding the warmth in. midweight regular fit hood with faux-fur trim zip front with storm flap logo patch on left sleeve handwarmer flap pockets rib-knit cuffs micropeached lining polyester washable imported
Stay confident and comfortable throughout the day with our lightweight performance boxer briefs.  moisture wicking mesh for enhanced cooling odor control polyester/spandex washable imported
Covered stock pot features a tall, narrow profile that minimizes evaporation during the process of making stock or soup.   combines the beauty of stainless steel with the superior performance of aluminum polished, stainless steel exterior with satin-finished interior designed with 3 layers to ensure even, consistent heating induction-capable convenient stay-cool handles Stainless steel/aluminum. Oven-, broiler- and dishwasher-safe. Imported.
Simply elegant with an easy-read dial, this watch goes seamlessly from day into night. An easy-to-wear expansion strap stretches to fit most wrists.   Brand: Timex Dial Color: White Strap: Gold-tone stainless steel Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 35mm Case Thickness: 8mm Model No.: T2H3019J Special Features: Date display   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Laidback looks deserve the classic style of these rugged, straight-cut jeans from Arizona. straight fit zip fly with button closure 5-pocket styling 100% cotton washable imported
Toughen up a feminine dress with this military vest featuring stud detailing along the shoulders and chest pocket. roundneck with collar drawstring waist 4 pockets cotton/spandex talls: 28½ length washable imported
true With 7.3 cubic feet of capacity, this dryer handles really large loads. Saving you time and energy. With the new Easy Front Panel, the controls are readily accessible in the front of the washer. As if that's not enough, the sleek modern design allows you to find the right settings in no time. ENERGY STAR® qualified 7.3 cu. ft. ultra-large capacity Aluminized Alloy Steel Drum electronic control panel with Dual LED display and Dial-A-Cycle SteamFresh™ Cycle reduces wrinkles for up to 5 garments 8 drying programs, including Sensor Dry: Cotton/Normal, Perm. Press/Casual, Heavy Duty, Delicates, Anti-Bacterial; including Manual Dry: Speed Dry, Air Dry, Download temperature settings: High, Medium High, Medium, Low, Ultra Low Wrinkle Care option tumbles the load every few minutes to prevent wrinkles SmartDiagnosis™ feature helps the service center diagnose problems over the phone or smartphone app Sensor Dry System measures moisture levels during the cycle and automatically adjusts drying time NFC Tag-on technology allows you to quickly and easily change and customize cycles with a simple smartphone app Lo Decibel™ Quiet Operation minimizes dryer noise to help keep your environment peaceful FlowSense™ Duct Clogging Indicator lets you know when it's time to clean the ducts dryer duct and electrical cords are required for installation (sold separately) 
Our modern tee from Nike is made from 100% cotton for a comfy feel, perfect for a long day of school or a playful weekend at home. roundneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
World-renown chef Gordon Ramsay's 16-piece dinnerware set will enhance your culinary presentation.   contemporary and stylish yet durable for everyday use crisp, white glaze decorated with embossed concentric circles accentuates the appeal of whatever you choose to serve microwave safe 16-piece set includes: 4 dinner plates 4 salad plates 4 cereal/soup bowls 4 mugs Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
This fine-gauge cotton sweater provides effortless warmth in your choice of business-savvy colors. v-neck long sleeves argyle chest stripe rib-knit cuffs and hem 100% cotton washable imported  
The wide, beaded waist has a slimming effect while the keyhole neckline brings flirty flash to our matte jersey chiffon dress. sleeveless center front slit halter neckline back zipper 55 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
These pretty ballet flats are a must-have for your shoe collection. The sleek design features an adornment on the round toe and a cutout pattern for an extra bit of style. synthetic upper low heel top adornment synthetic sole
Put on our open back tank top with just enough straps and show your edgy, fun style. scoopneck sleeveless 24 length cotton/polyester washable imported
Give your little guy a classic twist to his formal look with this cute plaid bowtie.  pre-tied adjustable clip-on polyester spot clean only imported
Stun everyone when you show up in our long-sleeve sheath dress, with beautiful lace detail.  v-neck front and back back invisible zipper long sleeves 50 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, dry flat made in America RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Turn your everyday meals into elegant gatherings with this serving bowl and its beautiful adornments of subtle, foliage-inspired detailing.   durable stoneware construction distressed, glazed ivory finish microwave safe Stoneware. Measures 16⅛x12L. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Embrace the easy, breezy look of our on-trend handkerchief dress, designed with strappy style. v-neck sleeveless 47½ length lined polyester washable imported
Dreams are always sweet with this all-cotton pajama set, featuring 4 equally comfortable mix-and-match pieces. includes short-sleeve top, long-sleeve top and 2 pairs of long pants pants: elastic waist, rib-knit cuffs 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
With a dash of '60s retro, you'll wow them all in our belted polka-dot fit-and-flare dress.●    v-neck●    sleeveless●    back zipper●    approx. 37½ length from shoulder●    cotton/spandex●    lining: polyester●    dry clean●    imported  
Engineered to fit and look great, these stretchable, comfortable denim leggings are from the jeans experts at Levi’s.   soft flocking print adjustable waist logo hardware 5-pocket styling cotton/polyester/viscose/spandex washable imported
Dockers Signature pleated pants are a classic step in the right direction.   no wrinkles color retention technology classic fit comfort waistband zip fly with button closure double-pleat front double-welt, button-through back pockets wing & anchor logo embroidery permanent crease cotton washable imported
Our cute short-sleeve blouse gets in on the zipper trend, allowing you to adjust the closure as you wish.  v-neck short sleeves zipper front 25¾ length polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Our handmade, blown glass champagne flutes are the essence of elegance that are perfect for entertaining guests. hand blown by glass artisans in Krosno, Poland annealed for sturdiness and durability polished for clarity and brightness soda-lime glass includes 4 champagne flutes 10H; 8-oz. capacity microwave and dishwasher safe imported
Enjoy the signature beauty of Black Hills Gold® in an antiqued onyx ring. Meticulously crafted in the Black Hills of South Dakota. Made in America.   Metal: Tri-tone sterling silver with 10K rose and green gold leaves Stone: Synthetic CZ, 4mm diam. Setting: Prong Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Take on the weekend with our skinny cropped pants, whose slouchy shape is borrowed from the guys, but cut to complement your curves. shank button and zipper closure 5-pocket styling cotton/spandex washable imported
Our muscle tank top features a cool graphic print with a burnout wash for a vintage feel. crewneck 21.75 length jersey cotton/polyester washable imported
These reversible knit shorts hook you up with two great looks. One side sports a horizontal striped print, while the other rocks a bold NIKE print down the left leg. reversible design gives you two looks in one pair of shorts made with lightweight, breathable Dri-FIT mesh elastic waistband with drawcord side-seam pockets 11 inseam polyester washable imported
Bling up your day with these rhinestone-embellished sunglasses. UV protection shatter-resistant lenses polycarbonate lenses ideal for oval face shapes plastic frames imported Warning: this product contains a chemical known to the State of California to cause cancer and birth defects or other reproductive harm
The intricate quilting detail of the Mansfield coverlet set adds a comfortable and charming finishing touch to your bed. Its neutral solid color and versatile styling complement just about any decor.   constructed of a super-soft brushed fabric for a luxurious feel neutral, versatile color coordinates beautifully with traditional or contemporary decor set includes coverlet and two shams Full/Queen set includes two standard shams. King and Cal. King sets include two king shams. Polyester coverlet with cotton/polyester/rayon fill; polyester shams; washable. Imported. Full/Queen comforter: 90x90 King comforter: 104x92 Cal. King comforter: 104x92
Fun and flirty, our gauze skirt offers a cool retro vibe all wrapped up with a tie belt. 36¾ length rayon/polyester polyester lining hand wash, line dry imported
Straight-leg styling and on-the-job comfort make our Audra pants a flattering business decision. flat front zip fly with hook-and-bar closure 2 front and 2 back welt pockets  polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported misses: 32 inseam misses short: 30½ inseam misses long: 34 inseam
Straighten, curl, flip or do your own style with this flat iron. Its versatile all-in-one ergonomic design creates silky, shiny hair instantly while reducing frizz and static electricity for the perfect look every time. 30-second heat up to 392˚F convenient 10' swivel cord 120V GFCI plug includes travel bag Imported.JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Give your page the perfect finishing touch with an edge-to-edge decorative strip die. It’s perfect for adding a distinctive edge to greeting cards, scrapbook pages or any paper project.   works with Sizzix BigKick, Big Shot and Sidekick machines with appropriate spacers and cutting pad (sold separately) design: Vintage Market Alphabet (measures 12x1-2¾”) designer: Tim Holtz imported  
Let your collectibles and personality shine through in any space with this slim curio cabinet and its classic design. sturdy hardwood and metal frame painted black finish doweled, glued and butt-and-mitered-joint joinery 3 adjustable glass shelves; 1 fixed shelf each shelf has a 25-pound capacity side entry provides easy access to items high/low halogen lighting and mirrored back brighten up displayed items glides help prevent surface damage Measures 18Wx11Dx69H. Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Imported.
The thick ankle strap of our platform sandals gives them a unique, modern look. synthetic upper 5 heel lace-up ankle strap open toe thermoplastic rubber sole
Replace older cookware lids or keep an extra on hand, this universal 10 glass lid fits all Nordic Ware 10 sauté pans and 8-quart stock pots.    cool-touch handle tempered glass lets you monitor your food as it cooks compatible only with Nordic Ware cookware Glass. Measures 10¼x10¼x2½H. Hand wash. Imported.
Featuring comfortable denim with a touch of stretch and an adjustable waistband, these everyday essential jeans offer a style and fit that never goes out of style. athletic fit flat front 5-pocket styling adjustable waist zip fly with button closure denim cotton/spandex washable imported
Purchase limit of two (2) of the identical item per customer from the Disney Frozen collection. These cozy Elsa pajamas make it easy to never let go of lasting comfort and girly style. includes top and long pants top: crewneck, long sleeves pants: elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Get them off to a great start with this toy drum set that features all the durability and quality they need to start on the path to stage play. perfect for early beginners and kids wood drum shells includes mounting hardware includes drumsticks and drum tuning key wood/metal alloy/mylar wipe clean 35x33x33H assembly required; key tool included imported 3-piece set includes: 10x16 bass drum 6x10 tom tom 5x10 snare drum
These high-waist shaping panties are made with yarns with “super powers” to deliver a seamless, zoned design with focused firming and results you can see, ensuring a totally toned look!   ultra-slimming control zoned compression tones the tummy, hips and love handles removable straps attach to any bra and keep panties perfectly in place rear pockets offer a perky look in back seamless design keeps shaper invisible under clothes streamlines silhouette nylon/spandex machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer's style #1835
What it is: An eye shadow palette with six shades in a unique, bouncy, jelly texture. What it does: This moist and fluffy, jelly-like formula works like a cushion that clings to the skin around your eyes. The Dong Gong Minn Jello Color Eyeshadow Palette features natural-looking eye makeup that perfectly blends in. With matte and pearl-sparkling shades, these shadows are perfect for glamorous looks. Create a variety of eye makeup styles: a matte finish, a shaded effect, or a sparkling pearl. Infused with nourishing Argan oil and shea butter, it precisely adheres onto eyes without creasing. This set contains: - 6 x 0.07 oz Eye shadow in Pluto, Venus, Jupiter, Mars, Mercury, Blackhole Suggested Usage: -Using your fingertips, gently apply around the eyes.Size:6 x 0.07 ozIngredients:Pluto: Mica, Dimethicone, Talc, Titanium Dioxide, Triethylhexanoin, Silica, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Hydrogenated Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Phenoxyethanol, Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer, Lauroyl Lysine, Iron Oxides, Mineral Oil, Aluminum Hydroxide, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Yellow 5 Lake. Venus: Dimethicone, Mica, Triethylhexanoin, Talc, Titanium Dioxide, Glass, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Silica, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Hydrogenated Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Phenoxyethanol, Mineral Oil, Iron Oxides , Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Tin Oxide , Carmine, Lauroyl Lysine, Aluminum Hydroxide. Jupiter: Mica , Dimethicone, Talc, Triethylhexanoin, Titanium Dioxide , Silica, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Hydrogenated Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Iron Oxides , Yellow 5 Lake , Carmine , Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Phenoxyethanol, Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer, Mineral Oil, Lauroyl Lysine, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Aluminum Hydroxide. Mars: Dimethicone, Mica, Iron Oxides, Triethylhexanoin, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Silica, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Talc, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Hydrogenated Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Titanium Dioxide, Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer, Phenoxyethanol, Mineral Oil, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Tin Oxide, Lauroyl Lysine. Mercury: Dimethicone, Mica, Iron Oxides, Triethylhexanoin, Talc, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Calcium Sodium Borosilicate, Silica, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Titanium Dioxide, Hydrogenated Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Phenoxyethanol, Mineral Oil, Glass, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Tin Oxide, Carmine, Lauroyl Lysine. Blackhole: Dimethicone, Mica, Iron Oxides, Talc, Triethylhexanoin, Silica, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Diisostearyl Malate, Hydrogenated Ethylene/Propylene/Styrene Copolymer, Hydrogenated Butylene/Ethylene/Styrene Copolymer, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Titanium Dioxide, Phenoxyethanol, Synthetic Wax, Dimethicone/PEG-10/15 Crosspolymer, Mineral Oil, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Lauroyl Lysine.
Our sneakers feature Goga Plus+® high-rebound technology and GO Pillars shock-absorbing technology to keep up with your active lifestyle.technology Goga Plus+ Go Pillars construction textile and synthetic upper EVA sole details lace up
Perfect for the business traveler or anyone on the go, this portable tabletop fabric steamer features a dual-technology heat system with dry steam that releases wrinkles from even the heaviest of fabrics.   60-second heat-up time 75-minute steam time adjustable heat settings includes a fabric brush, creaser, cushion brush and door hanger easy-fill 50-ounce water tank with fill cup power light and ready light kills dust mites and bed bugs 5.2 cool-touch fabric hose 6' cord with cord storage around the base 1200 watts. Plastic. Measures 8x12¼x13¼H. Wipe clean. Imported.
Bring your workout look to the next level with our cropped yoga pants, featuring lattice details on the outer leg.  22 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Give meaning to your parents' love with our personalized coffee mug set. includes 2 mugs ceramic 3.875x4.125H; holds 20 oz. microwave and dishwasher safe imported May be printed with a name on each mug (max 20 characters, may be different names on each mug) followed by “EST.” and a year (max 4 characters, same on each mug) at no additional cost
Add a little retro to your wardrobe to create fashion fun with our Stylus flare jeans. high rise flare leg 5-pockets 32 inseam cotton/polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported  
Easily dressed up or down, our mid-rise natural-fit capris are perfect for all kinds of occasions. zip fly with hook-and-eye back button flap pockets 21 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Nothing bonds family and friends more than gathering in a favorite room. Whether it’s a casual get-together or a special occasion, it’s important to create a warm and welcoming ambiance. The Promenade rod-pocket curtain panel by Martha Stewart offers a traditional, shirred look that sets the stage for stylish entertaining and daily living.   from the design studios of Martha Stewart low-twist fabric feels pleasingly soft 3 rod-pocket accommodates a variety of rod sizes 3 bottom hem; 1 side hem available in an array of fresh colors MarthaWindow by Martha Stewart available exclusively at jcpenney Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
The allure of our seamless demi t-shirt bra is apparent, thanks to seamless, smooth, soft stretch foam and scalloped lace trim along with superior support and padded, molded cups for maximized shaping. demi bra padded, molded cups adjustable straps built up strap platform underwire leotard back nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Authentically detailed, no-nonsense jeans cut from heavyweight denim are ready to handle whatever you and your day throw at them.     heavyweight cotton denim  sits at waist classic fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure bootcut leg, 18 leg opening cotton washable imported
She’ll stay warm and fashionable in our cute pull-on booties, featuring a faux-fur trim and comfortable padding.   synthetic upper classic round toes rubber sole
This classically styled watch will pair effortlessly with your wardrobe. The serrated edge bezel and masculine link bracelet are sure to attract attention.   Brand: Caravelle New York Dial Color: Gray Strap: Silver-tone stainless steel Clasp: Short foldover with pushers Movement: Analog Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 41mm Case Thickness: 9mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8½ long, 20mm wide Model No.:43B131 Special Features: Date function, gray dial, stainless steel case and bracelet, mineral crystal, 3ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Add sparkle to any outfit with this comfy, long-sleeve tee, featuring an adorable owl print with sequin accents. long sleeves screen-print graphic with sequins jersey knit 100% cotton washable imported
Fired to last without picking up odors and colors from your meals, our scallop platter set is great to have when hosting dinner parties.  set of 2 chip resistant microwaveable and freezer safe oven-safe up to 400⁰F porcelain measures 15¾x10¾x1H and 13x8⅝x1 H dishwasher safe imported
With the layered look of our Alfred Dunner top you get an exciting cami shell with a coordinating cardigan for a great all-in-one look. crewneck with necklace 3/4-sleeves polyester/acrylic inner: polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Amp up your space with these abstract rugs in rich jewel tones.   woven construction highly durable polyester crafted in America 10mm pile height
Simple, refreshing and the perfect morning pick-me-up, this 12-cup programmable coffee maker consistently brews an optimum pot of coffee while staying in sync with your busy schedule.   programmable clock/timer 2-hour auto shutoff water window auto pause and serve cone-shaped filter basket 12-cup glass carafe wipe clean filter basket and carafe are top rack dishwasher safe 900 watts. Plastic/glass. Imported.  
Our embroidered gauze top with a tie at the neck gets better each time it comes back on trend. scoopneck long sleeves 25 length rayon/polyester   hand wash, line dry imported
Bring a touch of class and style to your next event when you wear our sleeveless halter maxi dress. back zip and tie 59 length from shoulder lined polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
  A modern ombre design and vibrant colors make this floral scarf an eye-catching addition to your ensembles. 24x72 polyester hand wash, dry flat imported
Your huggability will go up a notch in our cozy fleece sweater with garden-fresh floral embroidery. mockneck banded bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
Make a bold statement in your space with this faux-crocodile dining chair slipcover that effortlessly harmonizes with your decor. form fitting velvet texture elastic straps under seat for a snug fit elastic band at base perimeter polyester/spandex washable imported designed to fit dining chairs that have a back height of 22-24 and that measure 15-21 wide with a seat cushion depth of 16-24
She'll look great no matter where she swims with this sassy, multi-color cheetah-print tankini with zebra-print trim and bottoms with bow ties.   includes ruffled tankini top and shirred bottoms nylon/spandex lining: polyester  machine wash, line dry imported
This soft fleece hoodie is a heavyweight champ that works overtime to keep the chill away.   drawcord closure on hood kangaroo pocket rib-knit cuffs and waistband cotton/polyester washable imported
This crossbody bag has an adjustable shoulder strap and decorative straps hugging the bottom of the bag, and its exterior zip pocket is perfect for your phone. shoulder strap, 22ʺ drop 1 interior zip pocket 1 interior back zip pocket 1 exterior zip pocket 1 exterior back zip pocket 8Hx10 ½ W x 3 ½ D polyurethane imported
Cozy up to our festive fairlisle cardigan and celebrate the season. open front ribbed lapel, hem and cuffs approx. 30 - 32 front length acrylic/polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
The Mantis Premier Comfort Bicycles are perfect rides for the casual user who wants a bike that allows for comfortable positioning while remaining lightweight. Smooth tires, a rigid fork and Shimano components make for the perfect compliment to your daily ride. This bike features a suspension seat post, comfort saddle and an adjustable stem.   Frame/Fork: 17 comfort style steel frame and ridged steel fork Wheels/Tires: Aluminum wheels with a 26 smooth tread tires Drivetrain: Shimano freewheel with Shimano 21 speed RS-35 Twist Shifter, Shimano front derailleur and Shimano RD-TX35 Rear Derailleur Brakes/Cockpit: Promax aluminum V-Brakes and levers with a large comfort spring saddle and aluminum suspension seat post Extras: Aluminum 3 piece cranks, Quick release seatpost and front wheel and multi-position adjustable aluminum stem Dimensions: 68x24x41 Assembly Required: Yes, tools included Care: Wipe clean Country of Origin: Imported
Comfortable, versatile and easy to wear, our short-sleeve burnout plaid shirt by Alfred Dunner is an easy addition to your stylish wardrobe. Johnny collar short sleeves button front 23 length cotton/polyester washable imported
Let the natural beauty of your backyard or patio shine through with these wonderful floral-inspired indoor or outdoor rugs featuring bursts of rich color.   part of the Montego rug collection textural effects add dimension designed for indoor or outdoor use easy-care, flat weave construction mold and mildew resistant Polypropylene. Spot clean with cold water; use soap on stubborn stains; line dry. Rug pad recommended for indoor use. Imported.
Whether you're saving the day or just protecting the lawn chair, these swim trunks feature your favorite comic book hero to inspire you. classic fit through seat and thigh self-adhesive closure grommet pocket detai mesh liner 10 inseam 19 length polyester washable imported
A rustic feel in a cute, modern design makes our peasant shirt from St. John's Bay a must for your hip and casual look. v-neck short sleeves tassels at neckline 29¾ length rayon machine wash, line dry imported
From sleepy mornings to relaxing evenings, our cozy, zip-front robe offers a comfortable layer for all your around the house activities. heavyweight knit construction satin and embroidery details zip-front closure polyester washable imported
A pop of color at the waistband and striped mesh side-seam taping give our relaxed-fit pintuck capris a fresh finish. stitched pintuck down front legs elastic waist with drawstring side slash pockets straight legs 23½ inseam polyester washable imported
Chill out on the streets or down by the water with our block-texture Vanphibian hybrid shorts. zip fly with button closure 2 side slit pockets, 1 back welt pocket flat front 20 outseam polyester washable imported
Complement your feminine style with this colorful butterfly print headband. 10x2½ imported
Lighten up this season with our effortlessly plush puffer jacket. zip front front pockets do not zip approx. 22¾ - 24¾ length 100% nylon taffeta shell polyester lining washable imported
Welcome baby with this adorable 7-piece feeding basket gift set by Trend Lab.  set includes 3 burp cloths, 2 deluxe bibs, reusable willow basket with removable dot liner bibs: 9x13 burp cloths: 13x10 bibs/cloths/liner: 100% cotton; washable basket: willow; spot clean imported
Heathered jersey henley is part hoodie, part pocket tee for an easy-going layer that spans the seasons. hooded long sleeves 3-button placket chest pocket cotton/polyester/other fiber washable imported
Cinderella shines on the graphic dial of this glamorous character watch. Your little one will love the classic, smooth lines of the stainless steel bezel combined with the shine factor of the silver glitter strap.   Brand: Disney Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Silver leather Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 30m Case Width: 32mm Case Thickness: 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7 long, 16mm wide Model No.: W000391 Special Features: Japanese quartz movement, genuine leather strap, 3ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Seamless in its design and constructed using 100% ringspun cotton, our premium heavyweight cotton undershirt offers breathable, soft-touch comfort that lasts. package of 3 seamless design constructed with 100% ringspun cotton big and tall fit crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported  
Perfect for relaxing on the sand or poolside, this bright beach towel is your best accessory for soaking up the sun. fun print cotton 30x60 washable imported
What it is:A travel-friendly, professional-quality skincare brush with two speeds.What it is formulated to do:It's time to think beyond the washcloth and elevate cleansing to a sonic level. Clarisonic's patented sonic technology gently removes the impurities traditional cleaning methods leave behind, cleansing six times better than your hands alone. In just 60 seconds, its sonic action removes impurities from pores so that creams, serums, and moisturizers are more effective. And with regular daily use you'll notice a reduction in dry patches, oily areas, and blemishes. Here are some of the features this revolutionary skincare tool delivers:- Two speeds for added cleansing customization- Pulsing T-Timer for 60-second cleanse - Improved user interface indicating speed and charge functions- Two-year warranty This set contains:- Clarisonic Mia2 two-speed brush - International pLink Charger for worldwide use - Sensitive Brush Head - 1 oz Refreshing Gel Cleanser -Protective travel caseWhat else you need to know:Clarisonic has the power to remove 30 times more age-accelerating pollutants than manual cleansing.It should be used as part of a daily skincare routine to provide skin that feels and looks smoother. Ideal for all skin types, it is used and recommended by leading dermatologists and cosmetic surgeons.Suggested Usage:-Prior to the first use, charge the Clarisonic handle for 24 hours.-Remove eye makeup by hand.-Wet your skin and the brush head with warm water.-Liberally apply cleanser to your skin or to the brush head.-Push the on/off button to turn your Clarisonic on and gently move the brush using a small circular motion, beginning on the forehead, then moving to the nose/chin area and the cheeks as the T-TIMER prompts.-Pressing too hard will impede the motion of the brush and reduce its effectiveness.-The outer brushes are designed to contain any residual mist from the brush oscillation, so be sure to hold the brush head flush to your skin.-The Clarisonic handle is waterproof and may be used in the shower or bathtub.-For best results, replace your Clarisonic brush head every 3-4 months.-Get a separate brush head for each user.-Using the Clarisonic to remove makeup may stain the bristles, but will not affect performance.-If discoloration occurs, clean the brush head with soap and water.
Show off your flair for eye-catching style in our breezy flounce tankini swim top and get a look that complements your fun-in-the-sun attitude. adjustable straps partially lined removable soft cups nylon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
This sheet set features a pretty diamond pattern in a lovely coral/peach color. soft pink diamond pattern on white background fits mattresses up to 15 deep 3-piece Twin sets include: flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase 4-piece Full sets include: flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Twin sets include one standard pillowcase. Full sets include two standard pillowcases. Cotton. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x75; pillowcase is 30x20 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20
You don’t have to be a hunter to appreciate the no-nonsense approach to warmth and functionality of these waterproof camo gloves. 40 grams of 3M™ Thinsulate insulation waterproof construction pre-curved fingers sure grip palm patch shell: polyester (exclusive of decoration) lining: polyester insulation: olefin/polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
The holidays only come but once a year, so why not geek-out and show your Christmas spirit with this beauty of a sweatshirt? crewneck rib-knit cuffs and hem cotton/polyester washable imported
This work shirt excels at multi-tasking. Made of comfortable cotton in a traditional regular fit, it provides 360 degrees of visibility trim to help keep you safe. Plus, the comfortable fabric features a wrinkle-resistant finish that helps this work shirt keep its shape and appearance through laundering so it's easy to care for. This long-sleeve work shirt is well-suited for jobs in manufacturing, maintenance, transportation, waste management and more. A comfortable work shirt with added safety features and reduced wrinkles makes for a pretty smooth work day. regular fit with long sleeves 360-degree visibility tape resists wrinkles retains shape and appearance through laundering yellow and silver trim for visibility button front lined collar with sewn-in stays 2 chest pockets 100% cotton washable imported
A perfect blend of simple and classy, our sleeveless fit-and-flare dress features a flirty keyhole and fun print. roundneck with keyhole sleeveless exposed back zip 41 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
Light, stretchy boxer briefs offer real performance for the real events of your life, from work to working out.   elastic waist H-fly for no-gap support moisture wicking mesh panels for enhanced cooling odor control polyester/spandex washable imported  
Strength and performance are what set this titanium timepiece apart. Atomic timekeeping creates precision accuracy, including synchronized time adjustment in five different time zones. With 200-meter water resistance, a built-in perpetual calendar and solar-powered Eco-Drive technology, this is the watch that goes the distance on all your ventures.   Brand: Citizen® Dial Color: Black Strap: Titanium Clasp: Foldover with hidden double Push-button Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 200m Case Width: 42mm Case Thickness: 13mm Bracelet Dimensions: 8¼ long, 24mm wide Model No.: AT4010-50E Special Features: Atomic timekeeping, world time in 5 time zones, 60-minute 1-second chronograph, chronograph subdials, perpetual calendar, sapphire crystal, date display, stopwatch, alarm, titanium case and bracelet band, Eco-Drive technology, 20ATM water resistance Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
The Waring food and beverage blender features a commercially rated motor for faster blending, plus the classic waterfall base and cloverleaf carafe look great in any kitchen. classic waterfall base professionally rated heavy-duty motor 550 peak watts simple 2-speed operation with toggle switch large 40-ounce glass cloverleaf carafe has imperial and metric graduations Metal/glass. Measures 7x8x15H. Hand wash carafe. Wipe base clean. Assembled in America of imported parts.  
Perfect for an entryway or at the foot of the bed, this storage ottoman complements your decor while providing ample storage space for shoes and other items.   hardwood, plywood and MDF frame butt-joint joinery microfiber cushion filled with upholstery foam interior space features side pockets 250-pound weight capacity Measures 48Wx20Dx20H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Assembly required, allen wrench included. Imported.
Add a dash of good fortune to every day with this sparkling ladybug pendant featuring red, clear and black crystals.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Red, clear and black crystals Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 rope chain Pendant Size: 12.6x12.6mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
This Keurig brewer features revolutionary technology designed to read the lid of each K-Cup® or K-Carafe™ pack to brew the perfect beverage every time—all at the touch of a button. allows you to brew a piping hot 4-cup carafe with the same ease and convenience of a single-serve cup 40-ounce water reservoir black and white touch display most compact Keurig 2.0 brewing system Brewer includes: Keurig 2.0 water filter Keurig descaling solution K-Cup packs to get you started Plastic. Measures 13½x9x13½H. Imported. 
There's nothing better after a relaxing shower than letting your feet sink into this plush microfiber rug as soon as you step out.   soft 1.38 shag pile durable, tufted design resists matting skid-resistant latex backing Polyester. Washable. Imported. Available in sizes 17x24, 21x34 or 27x45
Add some pop to your pile of t-shirts with our Stylus mixed media shirt and watch how often you grab this fun version of your old favorite. scoopneck short sleeves approx. 28½ length rayon/polyester trim: rayon washable imported
Practically effortless to wear, our flats keep a low profile. polyurethane upper slip-on entry rubber sole
This clutch features a subtle rose-embossed design and enough room for all your credit cards, gift cards and cash. top flap with snap closure synthetic/leather rose-embossed design exterior zip pocket for coins 6 interior slip pockets, 12 credit card slots, 2 ID windows and zip pocket 3¾Hx7½Wx1½D imported
Keep it real (nerdy) in this lightweight graphic tee, featuring an in-his-prime Steve Urkel rocking his suspenders.   crewneck cotton/polyester washable imported
This unique shape-shifter cream allows you to change-up any style without the need to shampoo or re-apply product. It also reduces blow-dry time and style time by 50 percent. provides color protection strengthens hair no parabens, formaldehyde donors, sulfates, petrolatum or DEA made in America   How to use: Apply to damp hair. Style with a blow-dryer and styling tool for maximum results. To re-style: apply to head from a styling tool and re-style. For maximum results, set styling temperature above 120°F/50°C.   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month.
Fun chains and beads give these everyday sandals some fun flair for every outfit. synthetic upper chain and bead embellishments adjustable ankle strap rubber sole
Give her a double dose of your love. Pairs of lab-created pink sapphire hearts join together all around this link bracelet that's glistening with cubic zirconia stones. Metal: Silver-plated metal Stones: 6mm heart-shaped lab-created pink sapphires Other Stones: Round cubic zirconia Setting: Prong Closure: Box with figure 8 safety clasp Dimensions: 7½ long; 6.4mm wide Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Flexibility meets function with our active performance skort by Lee, so you can look great and move freely when you're on the go. drawstring waistband 19 length 5 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
Our comfy, intricately designed coverlet set is pieced together for long-lasting use. shades of aqua blue and white modern traditional quilt pattern polyester cotton/other-filled coverlet; polyester-filled decorative pillows washable; decorative pillows: spot clean only full/queen coverlet: 90x90 king/cal. king coverlet: 104x94 imported 6-piece sets include: coverlet 2 shams 3 decorative pillows: 18x18, 16x16, 12x18 Full/queen sets include standards shams. King/cal. king sets include king shams.
The classic good looks of this black and gold-tone men’s watch will have you checking the time so often you may even start a trend of being fashionably early. Brand: Puma Dial Color: Black Strap: Black plastic Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 50mm Case Thickness: 13mm Model No.: PU102941004   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Ideal for any decor style, this wall clock features a faux-wood profile that really makes a statement in any room. plastic 14x14 requires 1 “AA” battery, not included imported
Crocheted lace at the bottom and cute tassels at the front add funky cuteness to our playful tee from Arizona. roundneck short sleeves paradise pink: polyester/spandex other colors: rayon/polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
An updated Art Deco classic, our lamp balances a stack of four fluted crystal balls atop a polished mirror-finish metal base. Looking just as glamorous as its 1930s inspiration, this lamp is refreshed with a white cotton hardback shade. silver neck and silver base white shade rotary switch 59.6 cord metal 100% cotton shade 5.5x5.5x30H requires 1 CFL 13W bulb, included minor assembly required imported
This brushed stainless steel kettle has a loud, pleasant whistle that beckons when the water boils.   2-quart capacity large cover handle and opening for easy filling and cleaning easy-to-use spout lever delivers pouring control Stainless steel. Hand wash. Imported  
Experience a deeper, hands-free clean with this innovative robot vacuum that uses revolutionary AeroForce™ to deliver up to 5x more power and requires less maintenance. iAdapt® Navigation uses sensors to learn changes AeroForce™ 3-Stage Cleaning System up to 50% more clean tangle-free extractors prevent hair and debris clogs schedule up to 7x per week or simply press clean avoids stairs and other drop-offs automatically docks and recharges adjusts to all floor types Dual Mode Virtual Wall® manages where it cleans lithium ion battery for 4x longer life 3.6 low-profile design cleans underneath furniture 13.9x13.9x3.6H plastic remove and empty bin after each use never wash filter or extractors imported
Purchase limit of two (2) of the identical item per customer from the Disney Frozen collection. Keep her warm and cozy in this sweet Frozen nightshirt.   Disney Collection only at JCPenney ruffle detail at cuffs and hem elastic in sleeve cuffs polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
Colorful and charming, the butterfly pop-up hamper lets kids put dirty laundry in its place.   durable 3mm spring wire frame easy open and close lid foldable and collapsable design for easy storage can also be used to store your child's favorite stuffed animals hamper pops up a total of 30-inches – the perfect height for kids perfect for teaching kids organizational and cleaning skills Polyester. Measures18½x18½x30H. Imported.
Designed to nestle neatly into a corner, this folding bookcase provides ample storage and classic styling in any space. solid wood construction 4 fixed shelves Measures 12Wx12Dx38H. Imported.
Softened by its luxurious fiber-filled back and fashionable tapered feet, this pad-arm leather loveseat/chaise sectional features clean, rectangular styling elements and a handsome finish that stands out in any space.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery premium elastic webbing cushions filled with polyurethane foam and a bonded polyester comfort layer chip-resistant plastic feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 84Wx60Dx35H overall with a 19 seat height, 22 seat depth and 18 seat back height. Imported. All colors are Custom Order except Metro Dark Brown. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance.
Keep the sunlight out with this blackout curtain panel that also looks stylish with any decor. 3 rod-pocket embroidered design for a different style use clip rings (sold separately) top design allows for a shirred style with the rod pocket Sold individually. Polyester. Washable. Imported.
Soft and strappy, our bralette brings a perfect balance of comfort and just the right amount of support.  v-neck 10-11 length polyester spandex polyester lining washable imported
Get more performance out of your swimwear with Nike Velocity trunks, featuring mesh side panels and a brushed microfiber fabric that sheds water. elastic waist with lace-up closure for a snug, comfortable fit built-in mesh brief for comfort, breathability and support mesh side panels side pockets internal pocket for small-item storage 7 inseam polyester washable imported
Integrate our lovely pair of slipper chairs into your room decor with a comfortable design and modern yet timeless patterns and colors to create perfect seating. sturdy pine hardwood/plywood frame durable butt joint construction steel springs with elastic ribbon for extra support soft, textural upholstery matches any interior style sleek armless look for versatile placement includes 2 slipper chairs, 2 matching accent pillows each chair overall: 25.75x31x32H seat measures: 16.5x21.5D; 15.5 back height linen/polyester fiber; polyurethane foam cushion fill wipe with dry cloth; spot clean pillows assembly required; tools provided imported
Stalks of flowers create height for necklaces and bracelets to layer and not become tangled on this metal jewelry holder. Bottom disc holds earrings. 14x12x6 iron imported  
Our Nike Visi Pro basketball shoes blend on-court performance with off-court style to make you the ultimate player. technology full-length Phylon midsole encompassing a Nike Air bag provides impact protection heel Air Sole unit construction synthetic/nubuck leather upper for maximum durability rubber sole details lace up dynamic flex grooves for superior flexibility multi-direction herringbone pattern for great heel-to-toe and side-to-side motion  
An aquamarine cross with a white sapphire center is the essence of sweetness and light.   Metal: Sterling silver Stone: .9 ctw.  pear-cut, heat-treated blue aquamarine, 5x3mm Other Stones: .375 ctw. heat-treated, round blue aquamarine, 2.75mm; .01 ctw. lab-created, round white sapphire, 1.25mm Setting: Prong Closure: Spring ring Length: 18 Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A popular track-arm design and beautiful fabric combine to make this recliner one that’s sure to be a well-loved classic in your home for years to come. It’s available in different reclining mechanisms and fabrics in a variety of colors to suit your budget and personal preference.   kiln-dried, laminated hardwood and plywood frame provides a solid foundation 8½-gauge tempered steel springs offer lasting durability comfortable upholstery foam fill easy-pull reclining handle Fabric options: Hilo: A soft fabric with a woven textured surface. Belshire: A luxurious velvet fabric with a directional nap. Primo: A soft microfiber fabric woven to create a small diamond pattern. Bingo: A woven fabric that resists shrinking, stretching and wrinkling while providing a superior texture with incredible softness and a plush, velvety feel. Reclining options: Recliner: A traditional recliner that offers a reclining motion only. Rocker recliner: Reclines and offers a seamless forward and backward rocking motion. Swivel rocker recliner: Allows you to recline, turn easily from side to side and rock forward and backward. Gliding recliner: Allows you to recline and move forward and backward in an easy gliding motion. Swivel gliding recliner: Allows you to recline, turn easily from side to side and move forward and backward in an easy gliding motion. Power recliner: Uses a quiet motor to move you from fully upright to fully reclined in 7 seconds with the push of a button. This recliner requires the use of an electrical outlet and comes with an electrical cord and battery backup. Power lift recliner: Uses a quiet 3-way motor to help move you from sitting to standing up in seconds. This recliner requires the use of an electrical outlet and comes with an electrical cord and battery backup. Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 39x41x43H. Made in America Please note: All colors are Custom Order. Custom Orders must be cancelled by the next business day following the transaction to receive a full refund of the deposit. Furniture Custom Orders cannot be returned after delivery and acceptance. 
Featuring fun graphics and a racerback style, this tank top is comfortable, versatile and easy to wear on those sunny summer days. scoopneck sleeveless shirttail bottom cotton/polyester washable imported
These 9 Nike shorts offer lightweight support and the sweat-wicking power of Dri-FIT for comfort on the longest runs. Dri-FIT fabric helps keep you dry and comfortable reflective elements remain visible on low-light runs elastic waist with drawcord side-seam and drop-in pockets provide convenient storage built-in liner mesh side panels enhance ventilation side vents 9 inseam offers both coverage and range of motion polyester washable imported
Showcase your beautiful side in our chic butterfly-back shirt. v-neck 3/4 sleeves front button closure approx. 28½-30½ length polyester washable imported
Suit up with this striped tie from Stafford. 3¼ wide, 58 long 100% silk spot clean imported
Stunning print on our sheath dress is accented by a beautifully embellished neckline. scoopneck sleeveless 35 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
This musical mobile soothes your little one to sleep with gently spinning plush, graceful friends with colorful details and artful embroidery. fits most standard and convertible cribs plays Brahams’ Lullaby polyester spot clean imported
This music stand desk is sturdy and lightweight, and will properly display your music.   desk for Manhasset Voyager stand metal alloy 23x12.5x2.5 stand sold separately imported
Give yourself a comfortable layer of warmth in your choice of easy-to-match colors with this sueded fleece pullover from Arrow. mockneck with contrast-colored interior quarter zip rib-knit cuffs and hem cotton/polyester washable imported
Perfect for everyday use, our crossbody is a great size for storing your personal items with two double compartments. adjustable strap, 24 drop zipper closure garment washed look synthetic 2 exterior pockets and 1 interior pocket 9.2Hx5D (no gusset) imported
Create your own custom stamps in any design you want with our Silhouette stamping starter kit. recommended for ages 12+ plastic/silicone/acrylic/plastic/ink/paper wipe clean imported starter kit includes: 3 sheets of stamp material; 6x7.5 cutting mat; 10x10 2 acrylic blocks; 3x4 and 2x3 black ink pad; 2.25x3.5 instructional DVD with 10 exclusive stamp designs idea book and instruction manual
Bring bold nostalgia and convenient food storage together in this compact fridge with freezer that keeps your essentials fresh at your desired temperature.   red finish for a pop of stylish color great for dorm rooms, basements and more full range, adjustable thermostat lets you select the ideal temperature separate freezer compartment spacious, clear fruit and vegetable crisper is easy to see and access 2 removable shelves let you arrange inside areas as desired can dispenser holds up to 6 cans for easy access bright interior lighting lets you see contents easily wipe clean with a damp cloth Metal/plastic. Measures 19x21x33H. Imported. 
Wear a piece of elegance everywhere you go with this lab-created ruby and diamond ring that's brilliant alone but even better with additional rings to create stacks that express your unique personality. Metal: Rhodium-plated sterling silver Stones: ⅕ ct. t.w. round diamonds Other stones: Lab-created rubies Setting: Prong Width: 2.25mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
  Always be prepared with our personalized multi-tool set with hammer. multi-tool includes hammer, wire cutters, pliers, screwdriver, bottle opener, nail file and a knife blade free engraving - 3 block initials stainless steel/wood/aluminum alloy/nylon imported
Give an look a seamless finish and strike a stunningly alluring figure in our thigh slimmer for the extra support you need. comfort waistband flat seams medium support nylon washable imported
Whether for a glass or a dash of citrus to a recipe, fresh-squeezed taste is right in your hands.   produces 20% more juice than other hand-held juicers dual-gear mechanics increase squeezing power seeds and pulp are strained hand wash Nylon and stainless steel. Measures 4x5x15L. Imported.  
Get ready to set sail with the beautiful nautical stripes that adorn the canvas of our endearing A2 by Aerosoles slip-on sandals.  technology Heel Rest technology cradles your heel, distributing weight between it and the ball of your foot shock-absorbing, diamond-pattern flex soles take pressure off the foot construction canvas and elastic upper rubber sole with rope heel accent details 2¼ heel slip on  memory foam footbed buckle detail
All-in-one convenience is the hallmark of our fun and trendy blouson- top jumpsuit. cowlneck 60⅜ length from shoulder polyester/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported
Keep your little guy's feet warm and protected with these cute duck boots featuring little laces, eyelets and a lined interior. synthetic upper synthetic sole
true This 27 inch wide washer/dryer combination doesn’t compromise on capacity, with an ultra large 4.3 cubic foot tub. It comes equipped with the TrueBalance™ Anti-Vibration System, minimizing noisy tub movement, along with TurboWash® technology saving you 20 minutes on larger loads*. It also features an internal heating element with a NSF-certified Sanitary cycle, just a few more reasons this small washer/dryer combo comes with huge cleaning and space-saving benefits. 4.3 cu. ft. large capacity NeveRust™ Stainless Steel Drum Intelligent Electronic Controls with Dual LED Display with Dial-A-Cycle™ Steam™ technology powerfully and gently lifts dirt, odors and wrinkles from clothes ColdWash™ technology uses cold water and enhanced washing motions to penetrate deep into fabrics, giving you cold water savings with warm water performance 14 wash programs including Cotton/Normal, Bulky/Large, Perm. Press, Delicates, Hand Wash/Wool, Speed Wash, Tub Clean, Sanitary, Allergiene™, Heavy Duty, Briht Whites™, Towels, Drain + Spin, Small Load Lo Decibel™ Quiet Operation minimizes dryer noise to help keep your environment peaceful SenseClean™ Revolutionary 6Motion™ Technology uses 6 different wash motions
The rough-hued, weathered finish on this well-crafted bed and nightstand exposes remarkably rustic wood grains, accentuating your space with cozy allure.   solid mahogany construction with mahogany veneers aged Weatherford finish nightstand features pewter-finished hardware, a shelf and storage drawer with side-mounted metal glides plank-inspired, slat-style design Wipe clean with a damp cloth. Assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed. Imported. Queen bed: 63Wx89Dx56H King bed: 79Wx87Dx56H Nightstand: 24Wx18Dx28H
You’ll be dressed to impress in these colorful print socks, featuring an ultra-soft combed cotton blend. cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12 
Sparkling and cute, these flat sandals will add the perfect finishing touch to any look. synthetic upper rhinestone flower details rubber sole
Keep track of life's most important things – faith, hope and love – with our stainless steel bracelet. Metal: Stainless steelDimensions: 8 long Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
A super-soft upper material and high-top design give these classic shoes a new spin that's sure to turn heads. suede and leather upper lace up vulcanized rubber sole
Classic yet current, this peep-toe platform pump is a key style that earns its spot in any woman's wardrobe.   technology Cushion Soft technology: the effortless everyday comfort solution optimal breathability via open-cell technology OrthoLite® cushioned footbed absorbs impact with every step and offers breathability, moisture management and is antimicrobial construction synthetic upper rubber sole details 3½ heel soft fabric linings cushion your foot
Amp up your breezy beach-day looks with the fabulous details and flirty silhouette of our pushup swim top. adjustable straps fully lined molded underwire cups nylon/spandex washable imported
Get that carefree attitude with help from this v-neck tank top with cute fringe hem. cotton/Modal® machine wash, dry flat imported
Designed to nourish, groom and moisturize a dry, unruly beard, this beard butter works by hydrating your hair fibers and skin. This puts an end to the itchy beard. gives a slight hold results in a soft, nice-smelling beard use daily for optimum results   Made in America.   How to use: Apply enough to work completely through a towel-dried or dry beard, focusing on getting close to the skin. Work through beard until butter is absorbed. Reapply as needed or when grooming is desired.   JCPenney limits the sale of all salon products and salon special purchases to 8 of any one item, up to a maximum of 12 items, per customer, per month. 
Display all the love in your heart with this pendant and earrings set featuring heart-shaped, purple cubic zirconia stones set in silver-tone metal.   Metal: Silver-tone metal Stones: Purple cubic zirconia Necklace Closure: Spring-ring Necklace Length: 16” cable chain with 3” extender Pendant Size: .46x.48” Earring Back: Friction Earring Dimensions: 7.8mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Constructed of lightweight twill, this practical safari hat combines style and function so you’re always covered on outdoors ventures. 2-layer band 2-eyelets on each side cotton sweatband 2½ brim 100% cotton spot clean imported  
Shift into fashion-forward with our silver-tone metallic motorcycle jacket and its removable faux-fur collar. asymmetrical front-zip and top snap closures 2 front-zip pockets approx. 20½ - 22 front length polyurethane polyester trim and lining machine wash, line dry fur collar: dry clean imported
Enjoy our casual-yet-sporty look with the maximum breathability of our mélange mesh-inset shorts. elastic waistband with drawstring 6½ inseam polyester washable imported
You'll love the feel of our peached jeggings' brushed fabric along with their slimming fit. elastic waist 30 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Feel free to frolic in the rain with our charming Henry Ferrera rain boots. PVC upper side buckle detail 1 heel 14 shaft height 15 shaft circumference lug PVC outer sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.            
You've found your new favorite pair in our curvy-fit, bootcut jeans with decorative, multi-tone stitching on the back flap pockets. 5-pocket styling 33 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Let your colors shine! A bold mix of paisley and floral medallions add beauty and life to the Asha coverlet set.   paisley design with multicolor floral medallions textured microfiber fabric for a soft feel brushed fabric on back 3-piece Twin/Twin XL coverlet set includes: coverlet sham decorative pillow 4-piece Full/Queen and King/Cal. King coverlet set includes: coverlet 2 shams decorative pillow  Polyester coverlet with cotton fill; polyester sham(s). Washable. Polyester pillow with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported. Twin/Twin XL coverlet: 68x90 Full/Queen coverlet: 86x90 King/Cal. King coverlet: 104x90 Oblong decorative pillow: 18x10 Coordinating accessories sold separately.
Add a dash of dazzle to your ensemble in our sparkling Qewen pumps.   synthetic upper 3 heel synthetic lining rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.  
Life is a highway, and with this McQueen decorative pillow, your child can pretend that highway is wherever the road will take them. Lightning McQueen-shaped pillow adds and extra layer of detail and texture to bedding Polyester. Measures 9x8x19. Spot clean. Imported.
Designed with the rugged lifestyle in mind, these low-top leather work boots feature a waterproof design that’s perfect for altitudes high and low. technology waterproof, breathable Dri-Tec membrane M-P.A.C.T. contoured sock liner features three densities of memory foam i-shield technology repels water and dirt construction leather upper rubber sole details lace up compression-molded midsole lightweight nylon fork shank electrical-hazard, ASTM-approved composite toe
Our maxi dress features an allover black-and-white print with beaded trim along the neckline to complete the look. scoopneck sleeveless beaded neck details 54 length polyester/spandex washable imported
A smart choice for performance khakis - Haggar pleated-front Cool 18® no-iron shorts. With a Maximum Comfort Waistband and no-iron feature, they're easy-wear and easy-care.     9½ inseam no-iron for an already-pressed look when removed promptly from dryer moisture wicking to stay cool and dry expandable waistband for up to 3 of added comfort comfort stretch polyester fabric button-through back pockets zip fly with button closure hemmed washable imported
Quality presentation from oven to table with our vibrant pizza tray composed of the finest stoneware. warm, bold colors match other sets easily microwave-safe, oven-proof and lead-free freezer safe 12x12x0.875H durable, chip-resistant ceramic dishwasher safe made in America
true This spacious side-by-side refrigerator comes equipped with an advanced water filtration system that removes trace pharmaceuticals from water and ice. ENERGY STAR® qualified advanced water filtration system uses MWF replacement filter adjustable slide-out, spill-resistant glass shelves snack drawer conveniently stores favorite foods adjustable humidity drawers help food stay fresh large door bins free up valuable shelf space21.8 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage room 67½ x 33½ x 33⅝
true Here’s a dishwasher that loves company... lots of it. The spacious stainless steel interior featuring the ingenious EasyRack™ adjustable system welcomes up to 14 place-settings of dishes and stemware. Loading everything couldn’t be easier. And LG’s commitment to great innovation means there’s no need to wash delicate items separately. That’s big time dependability... for years of memorable gatherings. ENERGY STAR® qualified hidden SmoothTouch™ controls with LED display TrueSteam™ technology virtually eliminates the need to pre-wash black stainless brings sophisticated luster to your kitchen EasyRack™ Plus with color-coded tines allows you to fully adjust racks to fit dishes of different shapes and sizes height adjustable 3rd rack gives you more options to fit more dishes LoDecibel™ Quiet Operation delivers barely-there sound at a super-low 42 dB SenseClean™ automatically adjusts water and cycle length for improved cleaning and energy efficiency safety water overflow detector helps protect your home from water damage 19-Hour delay start enables you to run your dishwasher at your convenience dual control cycle allows you to independently adjust the spray intensity for the upper and lower racks NSF-Certified Sanitary Rinse  super-heats the final rinse water to kill germs and reduce bacteria by 99.9% Hybrid Condensing drying system uses less energy by combining two technologies to quickly dry dishes stainless steel tub makes your dishwasher more durable and easier to maintain 3 stage filtration system helps create a quieter system 15 place setting capacity easily accommodates large loads 6 wash cycles enables you to find the most appropriate cycle for each load 23 3/4 x 33 1/2 x 24 5/8”
Storybook sweetness comes to life with these cotton Winnie the Pooh pajamas, featuring worry-free back and leg snaps for easy changes. crewneck long sleeves 3-snap back placket leg snaps rib-knit cuffs 100% cotton washable imported For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Stylish and casual, these micro suede slippers wrap your feet in cozy comfort. construction micro suede upper rubber sole details 1” heel slip-on entry soft and durable lining and insole closed back slipper shapes to the contour of feet for greater comfort rubber sole for great traction on tile and wood floors
The kids shoe that revolutionized the game of basketball and later became a favorite worldwide - the Chuck Taylor All Star, a true American icon. These days, this low-top version is not just for basketball, it's a fashion badge of honor!   kids unisex for both boys and girls cotton duck upper bears the original Chuck Taylor patch logo sturdy styling for long-lasting wear cotton drill lining is extra durable rubber sole for traction
Everyone—even your little pride and joy—needs a great denim jacket like this one from Arizona.   front snaps mock pockets ramie/polyester/cotton/spandex washable imported
Horizontal aqua stripes graduate in thickness on these chic placemats to give your table setting a pop of color and style.   perfect for everyday use or entertaining guests durable, easy-care cotton fabric set of 4 Cotton. Each placemat measures 19x14. Washable. Imported.
Whether you're headed to the office or out with someone special, these pumps offer a classic look that's always perfect. synthetic upper 3 heel rubber sole CALL IT SPRING IS AN ALDO GROUP BRAND.
Let your authentic personality shine through in these comfy, stretch jeans with a straight fit through the hip and thigh.   sits above waist 5-pocket styling zip fly with button closure 28¾ inseam cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Our new and improved Straight-Leg jeans are now made from the same fabric you know and love in our Skinny and Bootcut styles. Designed to effortlessly flatter your figure, these jeans will be one of your wardrobe staples. slim straight fit 5-pocket styling front fly with shank button-and-zipper closure 32½ inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Sporty style and comfort merge together in our Skechers training shoes to deliver exceptional performance during workouts. construction smooth leather/synthetic/mesh upper flexible rubber traction outsole details 1¼ heel lace up durable lightly textured synthetic overlays mesh fabric side panels for cooling effect stitching accents side stripe overlays side s logo layered front and side overlay detail for added stability and durability padded collar and tongue soft fabric lining memory foam full-length cushioned comfort insole shock absorbing supportive midsole stabilized midfoot and heel  
Our round rug was hand-crafted in India from multi-textured wool and features a fashionable color palette to give a beautiful update to your home décor.  hand-tufted construction wool crafted in India 1/4 pile height, 1/4 overall thickness measures 5'6 in diameter Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Cotton Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Recommended: Yes Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Vacuum regularly and spot clean stains. Professional cleaning recommended periodically. Origin: Imported It's perfectly normal for new wool rugs to shed. This happens as a result of loose fibers created during the weaving process. Regular vacuuming 2-3 times a week will help keep it under control until the rug has been seasoned and no longer sheds.
Worn on its own or as a first layer, our cotton-rich maternity cami offers gentle support, modesty and functionality for the nursing mom. adjustable straps nursing clips for ease shelf bra for added support and comfort cotton/spandex hand wash, line dry imported  
Made of 100% cotton, our wide-leg cropped pants are the perfect addition to your comfy, casual wardrobe. straight leg sits below waist 2 back welt pockets 22½ inseam 100% cotton washable imported
Beautiful wood is used to create this chic window blind for a modern ambiance.   super-easy way to control light 2½ slats lighter than faux wood affordable alternative to shutters choose from an assortment of rich color stains  Sold individually. Wood. Brush clean to remove dust or wipe with a damp cloth. Imported.
Strike the perfect balance between fun and functional with this 16-piece dinnerware set featuring an eye-catching pattern.   Vitrelle glass is a special tempered glass consisting of 3 glass layers pressed together for a thin design with added strength break, chip and scratch resistant for carefree durability microwave and oven safe 16-piece set includes: four 10¼ dinner plates four 6¾ luncheon plates four 18-ounce bowls four 11-ounce mugs  Vitrelle glass; stoneware mugs. Dishwasher safe. Some pieces made in America; some pieces imported.
Beautiful embroidered details lend femininity to our Magic Lift wireless bra from Glamorise. Magic Lift inner-cushioned bust band provides comfort, lift, shape and support        full figure unlined wide, cushioned straps pamper your shoulders back adjustable straps beautiful embroidered details on the upper cups full coverage cups adjustable hook-and-eye closure wireless nylon/polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported manufacturer’s style #1016
Explore new territory and boost your self-esteem simply by pulling on our sassy slim-fit motorcycle-style pants, featuring foxy ribbed and smooth faux-leather front panels. flat front skinny leg elastic waist notched cuffs rayon/nylon/spandex polyurethane front trim rayon back washable imported
He'll love the cool allover shark print on our handsome and playful polo from Arizona. spread collar button on placket side vents cotton/polyester washable imported
Energize your lingerie collection with our cotton-rich hipster panties, featuring bold stripes and a color-popping trim. cotton/spandex washable imported
Add depth and dimension to your casual wardrobe with these handsomely textured leather oxfords. construction leather upper rubber sole details lace up dual-comfort footbed with open cell and memory foam
Commemorate a special wedding anniversary or just jazz up your existing bridal set with this ½ ct. t.w. diamond band in 10K yellow cold. The graceful contoured shape is designed to fit close to your original ring to complement, not crowd. Try framing your bridal ring with two of these bands to really enhance the look.   Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K yellow gold Stones: ½ ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I2-I3 Clarity: I-J Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 3.3mm Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Our top features pleated sleeves and a contrast yoke for a super-cute look. roundneck pleated sleeves knit: polyester/spandex woven: polyester washable imported
Effortlessly girly, these pink heart-shaped cubic zirconia stud earrings set in 14K yellow gold have just enough sparkle to brighten up her day.   Metal: 10K yellow goldStones: Pink cubic zirconiaBack: Screwback Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Flowing fabric swirls with a beautiful floral print on our belted maxi dress. v-neck sleeveless back zip 54 length from shoulder polyester washable imported
These Nike shorts feature Dri-FIT technology that wicks away moisture from the skin to help with thermoregulation and to reduce irritation due to chaffing. Dri-FIT moisture management polyester washable imported
Cozy up this winter with the added warmth of a Sunbeam heated throw. The soft, cozy fleece keeps you extra warm and comfortable anytime you need it.   controller with 3 heat settings 3-hr. auto off 50x60 Polyester. Washable and dryer safe. Imported. 
This 14K white gold ring is a classic ½ ct. t.w. diamond wedding band that shimmers and shines in timeless elegance. Paired with an engagement ring, or worn alone, this band can certainly hold its own.   Metal: 14K white gold Stones: ½ ct. t.w. diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2 Setting: Channel Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Designed for deep-dive lovers, this remarkable chronograph watch proves its strength with a 500-meter water resistance and incredibly precise quartz movement. Topping off its good looks is a sleek silver-tone dial and polished stainless steel strap. Brand: Invicta Dial Color: Silver-tone Strap: Stainless steel Clasp: Deployant Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 500m Case Width: 52mm Case Thickness: 20mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 26mm wide Model No.: 14034 Special Features: Stopwatch; day/date display; 18K gold-tone plated detailing Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Say goodbye to indoor allergies with this allergen air purifier that lets you breathe a sigh of relief without sneezing. five-stage premium HEPA filtration absorbs 99.97% of dust and allergens auto mode automatically adjusts the fan speed by the air quality sensor onboard light detector automatically activates sleep mode when the lights are low 110 watts. Plastic. Measures 22x19x12H. Assembly required. Imported.  
Whether you just got to your vacation spot or just got home, this decorative pillow will express the relaxing sentiment of slowing down. front is print, back is solid aquamarine cotton; polyester fill spot clean 12x18 imported
A braided jute design gives these wedge sandals a pop of beach-inspired style to infuse your wardrobe with warmth. cotton upper 3 wedge heel adjustable ankle strap open toe strappy design textile sole
Our Yuu sandal is enhanced with super soft material and a custom cushioned foodbed for the most comfort in a wearable sandal.   construction polyurethane upper superflex rubber sole details durable synthetic and textile combination upper enhanced with a super soft manmade material custom cushioned molded footbed
What it is:A syrup-like black mask enriched with six-year old red ginseng to help fight visible signs of aging for skin that feels firmer and smoother.What it is formulated to do:This syrup-like black mask helps skin to appear smoother and feel more elastic. The distinctive tensor effect gives skin the sensation of being plumped and firmed while Erborian’s unique complex containing six-year old red panax ginseng works to fight visible signs of agingproviding comfort and vitality for tired complexions. Skin appears more luminous and plumped, and feels firmer for a youthful-looking complexion.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:Ginseng root has been used for centuries to help fight visible signs of aging. Pulling its strength and power from the earth, red ginseng takes six years to reach maturity before it can be picked. During the growth process, the ginseng root pulls many nutrients from the soilit is so rich in nutrients that after the ginseng is harvested, it takes nearly 15 years for the soil to be suitable again for cultivation. Red ginseng is ideal for skincare formulation as it is extremely rich in moisturizing and smoothing properties.Research results:In an independent consumer use test on 32 participants:Immediately:- 97% felt skin appeared smoother- 90% felt the product helped fight visible signs of aging- 88% felt complexion was more radiant- 90% reported skin felt smootherAfter 4 weeks of use:- 88% reported skin felt more elastic- 94% reported the skin felt softer- 97% reported skin felt smootherSuggested Usage:-Apply a thin layer and leave on for 10 minutes.-Rinse off with lukewarm water.Size:1.7 ozIngredients:​ -Six-year Old Red Ginseng: Helps fight visible signs of aging.Water, Hydrogenated Starch Hydrolysate, Dipropylene Glycol, Glycerin, Glycereth-26, Butylene Glycol, Hydroxyethylcellulose, Betaine, Panax Ginseng Root Extract, Theobroma Cacao (Cocoa) Extract, Ophiopogon Japonicus Root Extract, Scrophularianodosa Extract, Polygonatumofficinalerhizome/Root Extract, Peg-40 Hydrogenated Castor Oil, Pvp, Sodium Acrylate/Sodium Acryloyldimethyl Taurate Copolymer, Isohexadecane, Sodium Polyacrylate, Panthenol , Ppg-26-Buteth-26, Glyceryl Caprylate, Dextrin, Phenoxyethanol , Xanthan Gum, Polysorbate80, Caprylylglycol, Disodiumedta, 1,2-Hexanediol, Parfum/Fragrance, Hexylcinnamal, Alpha-Isomethyl Ionone, Linalool, Citronellol, Geraniol, Eugenol, Limonene.
Our modern-fit tapered pants are perfect for a laidback weekend or a relaxed day at work.     Individual Fit® waistband     wrinkle-free     permanent crease     button closure     5-pocket style     Dockers wing and anchor embroidery     montara br khaki, Hesperia pmbrk: 100%cotton     murietta stripe: cotton/elastane     washable     imported  
The tough-girl look mixes with ultra-feminine style in our camo print skinny jeans. 5-pocket styling 30 inseam cotton/spandex washable imported
Put an American twist on a classic Chinese game with this deluxe mahjong set complete with a sturdy aluminum attaché case.   case holds 168 non-fading tiles, four translucent racks, dice and four blank tiles includes instructions Metal/plastic. Imported.
Our exclusive dinnerware set features intricate floral and green details that drape down the neutral background of each stoneware piece, giving you a fresh, new springtime feel at the table. elegant spring design on solid color glaze timeless style for serving any occasion microwave safe service for 4 stoneware dishwasher safe imported 16-piece set includes: four 12-ounce mugs four 24-ounce cereal bowls four salad plates four dinner plates
A ring as unique as she is. Sparkling diamonds play beautifully with stunning blue sapphires. Inside lies a lab-created blue sappire to serve as her something blue.    Metal: Platinaire® (a blend of sterling silver and 5% platinum) Stones: 3/8 ct. t.w. round diamonds, including 1/6 ct. center diamond Other Stones: 1.3 ctw genuine blue sapphires, lab-created blue sapphire accent  Diamond Color: I-J  Diamond Clarity: I2 Setting: Pavé, prong, channel Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Gemstones may be treated and may require special care.  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Adorned with an eye-catching gingham print, these stretchy leggings offer a sweet style that coordinates easily with her favorite tops. covered elastic waistband cotton/elastane washable imported
Show your dad how amazing he really is with our short-sleeve All Star Dad tee. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
Exceptionally durable roasting dish features a unique cream-colored, nonstick Ceramica coating for easy cleanup.   heavy-gauge, porcelain-enameled aluminum for superior cooking results with even heat distribution compatible with gas, electric and ceramic glass cooktops oven-safe up to 350°F Aluminum. Dishwasher-safe; hand wash recommended. Imported.
Crochet edges give our sweater tank top a look of class that's also ready for the weekend. v-neck approx. 24 - 27½ length cotton/polyester/Lurex® metallic washable imported
Built for heavy-duty use, our backpack has a waist belt and sternum strap to help disperse the weight and keep it in place no matter where you go.  contoured, adjustable shoulder straps dual main compartments 1 accessory compartment padded back with ventilation front and side 1 MOLLE attachment system to add additional units and pouches side compression straps sternum strap for chest padded waist belt durable polyester 13.75x7x19.3H spot clean imported
Put some pep into your step with these breathable slingback wedges, featuring a beautiful cutout design that's perfect for warm days. nubuck/leather upper 2.25 heel adjustable back buckle strap cut-out design polyurethane sole
Show more color in a style that doesn’t require extra care with this no-wrinkle button-front shirt from Dockers. big and tall fit no-wrinkle fabric button-down collar button front long sleeves chest pocket with logo embroidery cotton/polyester washable imported
With splashes of color this Arizona raglan shirt brings a new look to a classic style, making it great for any casual day. crewneck chest pocket cotton/polyester washable imported
Sweet meets sassy with these suede Mary Jane pumps featuring a super-soft cushioned footbed and patent strapping detailing. construction suede upper rubber sole details 2¾ heel slip on synthetic patent straps
Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Acrylic brown stonesClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 28 long chainPendant Size: .8x4.5  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Move comfortably through your day in these slip-on shoes featuring an ultra-cushioned liner that makes every step a breeze. technology GOga Mat Technology insole offers high rebound cushioning lightweight Resalyte™ midsole with memory retention helps absorb impact created with the same technology of the Go Walk 2 Supersock added Agion aids in antimicrobial protection construction textile and synthetic upper EVA sole details slip on heathered upper
An exhibition in contrast, this dinnerware set’s simple, clean design is perfect for both everyday use and special occasions. durable stoneware construction microwave and oven safe service for 4 16-piece set includes: four 10½ dinner plates four 7½ dessert plates four 6¼ bowls four 12-ounce mugs  Stoneware. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Add some feminine flair to your casual wardrobe with our sleeveless burnout dress, featuring a bold print that's perfect for warm weather. roundneck sleeveless approx. 36-44 length from shoulder polyester lining rayon/polyester/spandex machine wash, line dry imported
A little lace goes a long way in our bralette by Flirtitude, boasting gentle support and J-hooks on the back straps that transforms your bra into a racerback.   easy pull-over fit seam-free cinching between cups for style and shape soft, removable padding for gentle support lace trim on bottom band j-hook on straps transforms to a racerback wirefree for basic comfort heather grey: nylon/polyester/spandex all other colors: nylon/spandex washable imported 
Set your night to sparkle with the glittering skirt of our twirl-worthy sleeveless dress, featuring a rhinestone embellished waistline for extra glitzy appeal.   lined polyester hand wash, line dry imported RETURNS: This dress must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place. 
Featuring warm fleece and a cozy kangaroo pocket, this pullover hoodie is designed to keep future all-stars warm on and off the field. hooded poly-tech fleece fabric mesh-lined hood long sleeves polyester washable imported
Beef up your everyday tee with this pocketed cotton heavyweight, great for layering or wearing it alone.   generous, big and tall fit - we recommend ordering one size smaller combed cotton heavier fabric for durability preshrunk for lasting fit wide variety of colors tag free cotton washable imported
Sparkle all night long in our soft jersey knit v-neck sleep tee. lightweight jersey knit cotton/polyester washable imported
Perfect your silhouette with our contour underwire bra, featuring elastic free sides with extra coverage coverage for a sleek look under your clothes. tag free          convenient front adjustable straps    extra side coverage eliminate underarm bulge                   elastic free sides and back for a sleek look underwire nylon/elastane hand wash, line dry imported        manufacture’s style #GB0561A
Mirage blackout shade is a perfect choice for contol of light, privacy and unwanted noise.   cordless product safe for homes with young children and pets energy-efficient, stacked honeycomb design traps pockets of air resisting the transfer of heat and cold, giving you more control over your heating and cooling costs 5/8 single cell white color shows on street side curved headrail with hidden metal brackets are easy to install Non-woven polyester. PVC headrail and bottom rail. Inside and outside mount. Window must be at least 1½ deep for inside mount; 2 deep for flush inside mount. Mounting hardware included. Vacuum or dust lightly. Imported. FREE SWATCH: If you would like to receive a swatch of the fabric prior to ordering the item, please e-mail customerservice@phaseii.com to receive a sample swatch of fabric. Please include your name, address, item description and color that corresponds with your selection. Allow 5 days to receive the swatch. *Cost savings represent the relative cost of heating or cooling an area to account for heat lost or gained through a window. Savings reflect comparison to a bare single-pane window. Energy Savings logo developed by JCPenney for exclusive use. Energy Savings testing conducted by an independent third-party laboratory.
Red stones create a truly unique look on this silver-tone four-strand necklace, while coordinating cluster drop earrings complete the look.Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Red stonesEarring Back: WireEarring Dimensions: .75x1.5Necklace Closure: Lobster claspNecklace Dimensions: 18 long chainJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Constructed from the same material used to make bulletproof glass, this lightweight and extremely durable bag will fully protect everything you keep inside.   internal aluminum telescoping handle with push button handle 4 multi-directional spinner wheels rotate 360° for easy maneuverability interior mesh zipper pocket and elastic pocket Polyester/EVA/ABS. Imported. 20 upright: 14x8x20H; weighs 8 pounds 23 upright: 16x11x23H; weighs 9 pounds 28 upright: 19x13x28H; weights 11 pounds
He's ready for a day of action in our drawstring Bermuda pants. knit waistband with drawstring 4 pockets 100% cotton washable imported
Put some romance into your date night look with our sleek sheath dress featuring a flattering embellished neckline and bold contrasting panels. roundneck beaded neckline back zipper approx. 37 - 39 length from shoulder polyester/rayon/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Our cropped jeans offer stylish fleur de lis embellishments, stretch and a roll-up option.  low rise button closure 24 inseam; 21 inseam rolled cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Complete any outfit with our personality-filled long-sleeve print swing jacket. 30 3/8 length sleeves two pockets cotton/spandex polyester lining washable imported
Lovely, laidback looks are a breeze with this colorful, rib-knit tee. roundneck short sleeves gray: cotton/polyester other colors: 100% cotton washable imported
This amazing ring features round-cut diamonds for all-over sparkle and a beautiful, timeless design that will make her swoon.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: 1/5 ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The comfort and easy care of 100% cotton combines with the smart cargo style of large flap pockets on the sides, perfect for carrying today’s outsized gadgets. loose fit sits below waist button closure flat front cargo pockets 9½ inseam falls above knee 100% cotton washable imported
Whether you pair it with cool boxers or cozy sleep pants, our long-sleeve sleep tee will be your favorite way to top off your bedtime looks. fun, easy and super soft boatneck long sleeves banded cuffs and hem polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Go totally beach chic with this gorgeous wastebasket featuring a raised seashell-inspired motif over an ivory background. durable resin construction intricate detailing Resin. Measures 8x8x10H. Imported.
Upgrade your essentials with the genuine leather construction of this pocketmate wallet from Claiborne.   4 card pockets foldover flap for loose valuables detail stitching double bill pockets genuine leather imported
Give him that lived-in, loved look right from the start with this strong titanium ring with a hammered center. Comfort fit. Made in America. Metal: Titanium Width: 7mm Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Milgrain edging, a center inset of diamonds and gleaming 14K yellow gold create a wedding band that he'll find classic and elegant.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Stones: 1/5 ct. t.w. round diamonds Color: I-J Clarity: I2-I3 Setting: Prong Dimensions: 17.9x6.05mm Gallery Height: 2.08mm   Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The color-enhanced blue diamonds set in a diagonal across the black stainless steel make quite the impact on this comfort-fit wedding band.   Metal: Black ion-plated stainless steel Stones: Round color-enhanced blue diamond accents Setting: Prong Width: 6mm Some diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets. Some diamonds may be treated and require special care. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Perfect for warming up before the game or lounging around to watch the game, this fleece hoodie is a comfortable, sporty option. hood with drawstring zip front left chest logo embroidery long sleeves polyester washable imported
Featuring supreme comfort and durability, our street-smart slip-on shoes hold up to all of life's daily obstacles. technology ComfortFushion® offers ultimate comfort and durability WeatherSMART™ all-weather, water-resistant technology Strike Back™ gel heel pads provide additional cushioning during heel strike strobel construction ABS shank supports the mid-foot arch area construction full-grain leather upper rubber sole details slip-on entry with side gores for a snug fit seam sealed at all stitch locations to prevent water penetration padded instep and collar leather quarter and tongue lining with fabric vamp lining for climate control comfort removable, leather covered EVA contoured footbed for soft cushioning  
An artful floral pattern with graceful flowing leaves and vines covers this rug with warmth and casual elegance, creating a welcoming atmosphere in any room.   Wear-Dated® fibers are performance tested to meet strict standards of durability and colorfastness saxony cut helps to hide footprints and vacuum lines heat set for long-lasting colors highly durable nylon crafted in America 5/16 pile height Stain Resistant: YesFade Resistant: YesSlip Resistant: YesRug Backing: LatexFire Retardant: YesRug Pad Needed: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors.Use: IndoorCare Instructions: Vacuum regularly. Spot clean spills immediately or professionally clean.Origin: Made in America 
Your casual look will be electric in our soft cotton Vans tee.  crewneck short sleeves front print 100% cotton washable imported
Featuring an ultra-sheer leg and control top with a fuller-fit panty, our Berkshire panyhose give you a hint of color and a smooth, firm look. control top for a smooth, firm look Pana-fit® with a stretch panel for freedom to bend and move flexible, no-bind waist sandalfoot for open-toe shoes control top: nylon/LYCRA® spandex legs: nylon hand wash, line dry made in America 
She’ll get plenty of use from this versatile short-sleeve leotard from Jacques Moret.   nylon washable imported
A utility-driven oxford shoe you can take to the streets.   scuff-resistant oily leather upper looks good and lasts wide lug composition rubber outsole grips and goes padded collar and a cushioned insole to keep you moving in comfort top stitched welt metal eyelets synthetic lining D (Medium) 2E (Wide)
Create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement with this sofa sectional featuring track arms and luxurious fabric upholstery.   sturdy oak and plywood frame glued and stapled joinery sinuous spring system reversible cushions filled with upholstery foam removable feet includes 2 coordinating accent pillows Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester linen blend; 92% polyester, 8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top Hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Made in America. Sectional has a 20 seat height, 24 seat depth and 22 seat back height and includes: Right-arm sofa: 68Wx39Dx36H Armless sofa: 63Wx50Dx36H Right-arm wedge: 63Wx50Dx36H
Look pretty in the latest looks like our lace-front cold-shoulder shirt, a flirty top with a soft silhouette. roundneck cold shoulder short sleeves 25¾-27¾ length rayon cotton/nylon lace machine wash, dry flat imported
The adorable bow on this twirl-worthy skater dress adds a pop of personality and irresistible style to any girly look. crewneck sleeveless back cutout detail shark bite hem 100% cotton washable imported
The classic comfort and fit of our Liz Claiborne linen pants are given an extra dose of style with a cropped length. elastic waistband with drawstring 2 front pockets, 2 back pockets 22 inseam cotton/linen machine wash, line dry imported
The perfect blend of casual and chic, our sleeveless romper features an adorable crochet yoke. roundneck sleeveless back button approx. 19½ length lace rayon machine wash, line dry imported
This comforter set is simply elegant. The beautiful linen tone has complementing embroidery work, giving your bedroom a soft, warm style.   polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams and bedskirt dry clean queen comforter: 90x90 king comforter: 106x90 imported     8-piece queen or king set includes: comforter 2 shams bedskirt with 15 drop square decorative pillow boudoir decorative pillow 2 Euro shams     Queen set includes standard shams. King set includes king shams.
What it is:A superior nail polish with unprecedented finish and a shine like that goes on like 30 coats of lacquer. What it does:Coat nails with this fresh take on nail polish. Inspired by Marc’s highly lacquered coffee table, Enamored Hi-Shine Nail Polish is formulated with patented bonding agents that deliver a plasticized, wet look while the color rich creams and fine glitters ensure vivid, chip-resistant color. These shades are inspired by Marc’s favorite movies. What else you need to know: The curvature of the bottle resembles a smile, and the custom, curve-hugging brush optimizes application. Shiny is my favorite colorMarc JacobsSize:0.43 oz
When shopping for running shorts, look to a brand that specializes in, well, running with these sporty Asics shorts.   elastic waist with drawstring 9 inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
The simplicity of our Worthington bolero shrug makes it fantastic addition to your favorite dresses, tops and blouses.   open front elbow sleeves approx. 15¾ length cotton/rayon machine wash, dry flat imported
Our denim vest features raw edges at the armholes for a distressed look. ●    shank button at front placket●    raw edges at the armholes●    24 length for size 1X●    cotton/spandex●    washable●    imported  
The essential pants from Star City® when your jeans just don't make the cut.   besom pockets straight legs; 32 inseam zip front with button extend-tab closure polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported  
Featuring woven twill tabs, pork-chop pockets and tacked roll-tab cuffs, these shorts are stylish, versatile and cute. covered elastic waistband with faux drawstring 100% cotton washable imported
Our soft cotton Spider-Man tee is a great casual-wear shirt, or you can wear it under another outfit just in case you run into any goblins. crewneck short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported
Spectra 1 high-gloss vinyl blinds feature the look of aluminum at a very affordable price.   room-darkening: cord holes disappear when blinds are closed for maximum privacy and light control anti-static UV-coating to help prevent fading and warping, and to repel dust auto-lock cord adjusts blind height clear tilt wand adjusts slat angle curved decorative headrail snap-in metal brackets for easier installation imported Measure before you order These blinds can be installed inside or outside of the window casing. Window must be at least 1⅜ deep for inside mount; 1⅞ deep for an inside flush mount. For outside mount installation, headrail must overlap window opening at least 1½ on each side. Headrail will be ½ narrower than stated width. Length can be shortened; see included handbook.
Verona rugs are an effortless way to add elegance and color to your room.   solid center framed by classic floral border wide range of colors durable, easy-care construction Nylon with embossed latex backing. Measures 5'D. ¼ pile height. Washable. Made in America.
  Go boot scootin’ in these fabulously fashionable Laredo cowboy boots featuring decorative stitching on the shaft and snip-toe styling. These Runaway boots were made for dancing!   leather/synthetic upper western-style heel 12” shaft height decorative stitch detail on shaft snip toe composition rubber sole
The perfect companion to the Kubo storage sofa sectional, this ottoman is a comfortable, inviting finishing touch in any living room.   solid wood frame glued-and-pinned joinery steel innerspring coil system cushion filled with upholstery foam plastic feet Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 49Wx25Wx18H. Imported.
Say hello to easy organization and girly style with this colorful Hello Kitty toy box. slow-closing lid for safety 23.62x14.17x15.35 some assembly required MDF/metal wipe clean with mild soap and water imported meets CPSIA/CPSC requirements
Our Liz Claiborne cardigan is your layering best friend to give you the comfort you want while maintaining your cute look.   acrylic/rayon washable imported
Everyone will be jumping through hoops to achieve your fabulous style in a glittering pair of ¼ ct. t.w. diamond hoop earrings. The 14K rose gold over sterling silver setting is ready for work or play.   Metal: 14K rose gold over sterling silver Stones: ¼ ct. t.w. diamonds Setting: Prong Back: Hinge Dimensions: 40mm diameter Diamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our On Court mesh shorts feature an all-over polyester mesh fabric with a full liner—making them a comfortable fit even during the most intense games. elastic waist with drawstring regular fit midrise 6 inseam polyester washable imported
Our fitted colorblock leggings are just as ready to work out as you are. tight compression fit provides added comfort during workouts Quick-Dri® moisture-wicking fabric helps keep you dry no-chafe seams won't irritate your skin key pocket inside waistband 30 inseam jersey knit polyester/spandex washable imported
Evoking midcentury modern design details with its linen-like fabric, chunky texture and vintage styling, this comfy chair gives any space a retro feel. wood and MDF frame weathered oak finish cushions filled with upholstery foam Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Measures 28Wx26Dx33H with an 18 seat height, 17 seat depth and 15 seat back height. Assembly required. Made in America.
Keep your kitchen equipped with towels that can endure clean up after clean up. extremely absorbent, easy-care cotton fabric set of 4 kitchen towels and 4 dishcloths cotton each kitchen towel measures 28x18 each dish cloth measures 13x13 washable imported
A quilted design with different colored squares on this set of pillow shams will add a versatile look to your bed. 100% cotton percale multicolor design Sold individually. Cotton with cotton fill. Washable. Imported. Standard: 26x20 King: 36x20  
The delightful designs on these sweet sheet sets will have your weary wild thing rescinding the rumpus and begging for bedtime. brushed microfiber perfect patterns for boys and girls fitted sheet fits mattresses up to 12 deep 3-piece Twin set includes: pillowcase flat sheet fitted sheet 4-piece Twin set includes: 2 pillowcases flat sheet fitted sheet Twin set includes one standard pillowcase. Full set includes two standard pillowcases. Polyester. Washable. Imported. Twin: flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcase is 32x21 Full: flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20
Our cute and casual high-low dress is made even more adorable with a side tie at the waist. v-neck long sleeves approx. 36½-38½ length from shoulder rayon machine wash, line dry imported
What it is:A trio of hair essentials from the Haute Performance line, featuring a cleansing shampoo, nourishing conditioner, and protecting serum in a luxurious magnet box—plus a comb to evenly distribute product. What it is formulated to do:The combination of these three formula guarantee optimum results—soft, silky, healthy-looking hair. The delicate shampoo cleanses without ever stripping color or over drying, helping to brighten color. It restores the hair shaft and helps to repair split ends, dullness, and rough texture while adding volume. The conditioner is designed to instantly transform damaged, dry hair into silky perfection, and the lightweight serum can be applied to wet or dry hair to protect against humidity or chemical and environmental damage for a healthy look and feel. This set contains:- 6.8 oz Haute Performance Shampoo - 6.8 oz Haute Performance Conditioner - 6.8 oz Haute Performance Finishing Serum - Comb What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates What else you need to know: These products are formulated without allergens. All products in this Iles Formula haircare line feature an exquisite delicate perfume of white flowers. The perfume was developed with a French touch, evident while using hot water and heated tools, and then settles to a subtle aroma of white flowers once hair has cooled down. Iles Formula was developed and tested in Paris and New York by hairstylist Wendy Iles while working on the sets of prestigious directors and photographers. All formulas come in luxurious packaging of well thought design. Suggested Usage:-Apply the Haute Performance Shampoo and rinse well, as any residue will make your hair feel heavy. -Apply Haute Performance Conditioner, comb through from mid lengths to ends (no need to condition your scalp, especially if you have fine or oily hair), and then rinse well. -If you have old color in the ends of your hair or very dry damaged ends, hold these away in the palm of your hand as you rinse off the scalp and mid lengths allowing some conditioner to stay in the ends. -Then, apply the Finishing Serum to protect against humidity, chemical, and environmental damage. If you have thick hair be sure to use enough product. The silk inside the serum will make your course hair very pliable and supple, aiding your hair to hold its shape once coiffed. Precautions:-Avoid storage in excessive heat.
Your day is busy, so don't get sidetracked by bunching shapewear that digs around the leg opening. Our high-waist briefs move as you do, thanks to comfortable stretch fabric. firm control level tummy control Wonderful Edge® silicone grippers keep shapeware in place and prevent lines nylon/elastane cotton/elastane gusset washable imported manufacturer’s style #7045 
Constructed with lightweight components, this hardside spinner luggage features uncompromising durability for any type of travel. expandable up to 2 hardside outer shell telescopic trolley handle top carry handle 2 large interior compartments with buckled compression strap 4 spinner wheels for 360° rolling maneuverability through crowds and airports built-in TSA approved lock included water resistant corner guards polycarbonate with polyester lining 13x9x21H; weighs 5.2 pounds imported
What it is:An exclusive, must-have trio featuring a luminizer, matte-satin blush, and bronzer to contour and highlight perfectly . What it does: Only at SephoraThis three-in-one formula is made of ultra-light, micronized pigments that effortlessly blend to enhance skintone and give you a flawless, no-makeup look and feel. The coordinated trio includes a luminizer for highlighting cheekbones, a matte-satin blush to make cheeks pop, and a matte-satin bronzer to contour and define. Use all three for seamless, natural-looking radiance. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - Phthalates Suggested Usage: -Swirl a brush over all three shades to create a beautiful natural glow. -To sculpt: apply bronzer below cheekbones, to chin, and jawline. -To contour: apply blush from the apples of cheeks up towards your hairline. -To highlight: apply highlighter above cheekbones, down the bridge of the nose, and along browbone and décolletage. Size:0.28 ozIngredients:​ -Coral Radiance Complex: Infused with Akoshine Mediterranean sea coral, green tea extract, and minerals to enhance radiance and the appearance of skin. Mica, Talc, Dimethicone, Nylon-12, Isopropyl Palmitate, Polysorbate 20, Acrylamide/Sodium Acryloyldimethyltaurate Copolymer, Magnesium Aluminum Silicate, Octyldodecyl Stearoyl Stearate, Cetearyl Ethylhexanoate, Isohexadecane, Caprylyl Glycol, Sorbitan Stearate, Simmondsia Chinensis Seed Oil (Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Oil), Lauroyl Lysine, Tocopheryl Acetate, Polysorbate 80, Hexylene Glycol, Tin Oxide, Silica, Sorbitan Oleate, Synthetic Fluorphlogopite, Calcium Aluminum Borosilicate, Phenoxyethanol, Sodium Dehydroacetate (+/-) : Ci 77891 (Titanium Dioxide), Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499 (Iron Oxides), Ci 77288 (Chromium Oxide Greens), Ci 15850 (Red 7), Ci 77007 (Ultramarines).
Brightly colored discs suspend from pink and yellow long beads, creating a fashion necklace that reminds us of the sunrise.   Metal: Gold-tone metalStones: Orange shellOther Stoves: Multicolor beadsClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 18 long adjustable chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail. 
Round out your collection with this diamond pendant necklace flaunting a chic twist. A unique hinged setting allows the center stone to pivot within its frame, creating the effect of dancing light. The slightest movement brings these diamonds to life.Metal: Rhodium-plated 10K white goldStones: ⅜ ct. t.w. round diamondsColor: I-JClarity: I2-I3Setting: ProngClosure: Spring-ringDimensions: 18 long rope chainPendant Size: 9.38x17.63mm longDiamond total weights may vary between .01 and .08 carat.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Be fashion-forward in our fit-and-flare dress made with a playful pleated skirt and cutout waist details. roundneck invisible zipper at center back fully lined approx. 39.5 length from shoulder polyester/spandex washable imported
Stretch poplin shirt offers a fantastic combination of fit and comfort—in a breezy cotton fabric with lustrous finish.   slim fit point collar 2 chest flap pockets short sleeves side vents cotton/spandex washable imported
Dress it up or dress it down, our sleeveless embroidered shell looks polished under a blazer or nice and relaxed when paired with your favorite capris. roundneck sleevless polyester 100% cotton lace detailing washable imported
You'll be ready to hit the sand in comfortable style with the slip-on styling of our back-strap Velcro flip-flops. back strap with Velcro closure upper: polyurethane sole: thermoplastic spot clean only imported
Create the ultimate oasis with these indoor /outdoor rugs. A simple repeating circular pattern against a colorful background is coupled with element-withstanding fibers for long-lasting enjoyment.   designed for high-traffic areas such as entryways or kitchens woven construction highly durable polypropylene crafted in Egypt ¼ overall thickness Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Needed: Yes Use: Indoor/outdoor Care Instructions: Professionally clean Origin: Imported  
Ideal for hunters, casual outdoorsmen, or anyone desiring functional comfort, these moisture-wicking boxer briefs keep you cool and dry on those long days. package includes camo print briefs and 2 solid briefs moisture wicking plush, non-binding waist solid: cotton/spandex print: cotton/polyester washable imported  
With an embroidered Doc, Owl, Lambie and Stuffy appliqué, this dress set includes leggings and flower embroidery to complete the look for your biggest fan.  includes dress and coordinated leggings with ankle bows character appliqué polka-dot border single-button back closure dress: 100% cotton leggings: cotton/elastane washable imported
  Add extra cushioning and softness to your bed with this plush ½” memory foam mattress pad that boasts a quilted top layer for supreme comfort.   guaranteed to fit mattresses up to 20” polyester/rayon top hypoallergenic Foam/polyester/rayon. Spot clean foam
Our cardstock is the perfect start to all of your crafting projects.   includes 18 double-sided sheets with a different design on each side archival quality ages 12 and up paper 12x0.01x12.5 made in America
Embellished with carriage wheels that are elegantly accented with hand-wrought scrollwork, this canopy bed is the perfect fit for a little princess.   sturdy metal construction antique white finish accented with pink sand platform design means it doesn’t require a box spring 300-pound weight capacity Measures 88Wx46Dx83H. Wipe clean with a soft cloth. Assembly required; Allen wrench needed. Imported.
She will feel like paradise with these cheerful tropical print shorts in soft cotton. covered elastic waistband functional drawstring closure porkchop pockets pre-washed for softness 100% cotton washable imported
Lightweight and durable, our Nike training shoes are designed to withstand the rigors of everyday workouts. technology injected Phylon midsole for durability construction synthetic/leather upper rubber sole details lace up multi-directional flex grooves enhance natural motion strategically placed overlays for support traction pods for enhanced grip
Go anywhere with this sport watch that has lots of style and function. A champagne dial with large numerals, precision timing and a durable black resin strap complement your put-together business or casual look. Brand: Casio Dial Color: Champagne Strap: Black resin Clasp: Buckle Movement: Quartz Water Resistance: 100m Case Width: 41.5mm Case Thickness: 12.4mm Bracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 22.37mm wide Model No.: MW600F-9AV Special Features: Date display; 10-year battery Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Let her show off her pony pride while keeping her legs warm with these startastic My Little Pony graphic print leggings, the perfect finish to any dress or skirt or top.   pull on polyester/spandex washable imported  
Representing a beginning with no end, the beauty of these open-design ball earrings wrapped with swirls of diamond accents will stand the test of time.Metal: 18K yellow gold over brassStones: Diamond accentsBack: Leverback Dimensions: 10x27mm longSome diamonds may consist of fewer than 17 facets.Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Classic and super comfy, this down- and feather-fill comforter features a beautiful quilt-stitch pattern and wonderful softness to ensure you sleep cozily.   durable baffle-box construction light warmth luxurious 50% white duck down fill; 50% white duck feather fill; 550 fill power soft and breathable 250 thread-count cotton outer fabric cover self hem with cording on all sides to prevent fraying Cotton outer fabric with duck down and feather fill. Manufacturer’s limited 4-year warranty. Dry clean. Imported. Twin: comforter is 66x86; 19-ounce fill Full/Queen: comforter is 88x92; 28-ounce fill King: comforter is 104x92; 32-ounce fill
Find a balance between sassy and sophisticated with our pretty round-toe pumps from CL by Laundry. synthetic upper 3 heel thermoplastic rubber sole
March to the beat of your own drummer with these boots featuring a fun print and faux-suede look for all your cold-weather ensembles. polyester upper 13 shaft height 15 shaft circumference rubber sole Measurements are approximate and may vary slightly by size.
The sweet lace details on this Arizona top add hassle-free style to everyday looks. crewneck long sleeves lace sleeve caps and back yoke reverse French terry cotton/polyester washable imported
Our Arizona jean shorts are made from cotton for a comfortable feel and feature slight destruction for a hip and cute look. 5 pocket style zip fly with button closure casual fit 100% cotton washable imported
With multiple stylized Christmas trees, this happy holiday rug adds festive wonder to any space. printed construction durable acrylic 0.05 overall thickness measures 30x18 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: No Slip Resistant: No Fire Retardant: No Rug Backing: Latex Rug Pad Needed: Yes, rug pad is recommended to improve slip resistance and protect underlying surfaces. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Imported
The perfect accessories are built right into our lovely sleeveless Bisou Bisou necklace dress with a head-turning cutout back detail. jewel embellished keyhole neckline cutout back sleeveless back zip 42 length from shoulder polyester/spandex hand wash, dry flat imported
Our cropped ringer tee features a burnout wash and contrast binding at the neck and sleeve openings for a cool, casual look. roundneck short sleeves front pocket contrast binding at neck and sleeve openings cotton/polyester washable imported
Patriotic color adds all-American style to these comfy, easy-match shorts bow accent on waist cotton/polyester washable imported
Keep your mattress clean and fresh with this waterproof, hypoallergenic mattress protector that’s easy to clean and 100% metal free.   4-gauge PEVA waterproof vinyl fitted style for easy on/off stain resistant PEVA. Spot clean. Imported. Twin mattress protector: 39x75 Full mattress protector: 54x75 Queen mattress protector: 60x80 King mattress protector: 78x80 Cal. King mattress protector: 72x84
Gently distressed and slightly slouchy, our boyfriend jeans will earn their place among your new best friends. approx. 31 inseam cotton/polyester machine wash, line dry imported
Our flat-front shorts feature a modern fit and expandable invisible stretch waistband for a more comfortable fit. invisible stretch waistband expands up to 3 for added comfort and mobility concealed, no-scratch button closure at waistband 2-neddle stitching pockets and 2 jean-style pockets 13 inseam polyester/cotton/spandex washable imported
This super sassy set feautres a short-sleeve tee and pull-on skort that's perfect for school or play. set includes short-sleeve tee and skort roundneck tee: cotton/polyester skort: polyester washable imported
This eye-catching watch is a unique way to add personality to your everyday look. Brand: Decree Strap: Metal alloy or stainless steel Movement: Quartz Case Width: 36mm, 40mm, 22mm Case Thickness: 10mm, 8mm Bracelet Dimensions: 28 long; 2 long Model No.: DCR111A Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Featuring a smile-inducing graphic on cotton-rich fabric, this soft, durable tee is sure to be a casual day favorite. crewneck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
A dainty flower shines on this sterling silver toe ring with a blue crystal.  Metal: Sterling silverMaterial: Blue enamelStones: Blue crystal  Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Soft and pretty, our sleeveless fit-and-flare dress offers pleats and gathers in the right places for a flattering fit.  scoopneck sleeveless 34-36¼ length from shoulder polyester machine wash, dry flat imported
Our capris are made with comfortable cotton and a fun print design that's perfect for travel or a relaxed weekend at home. flat front, elastic back pull on straight leg high rise cotton/spandex washable imported misses: 16 inseam petite: 15 inseam
From bridesmaid to partygoers, find the perfect fit with our peep-toe pumps featuring a satin upper with knotted detailing. polyester upper 2½ heel composition leather sole
Take control of the room with the impressive look of this men's gunmetal gray tank watch.  Brand: Beverly Hills Polo ClubDial Color: Gunmetal sunrayStrap: Gunmetal metal linkClasp: FoldoverMovement: QuartzCase Width: 33mmCase Thickness: 7mmBracelet Dimensions: 9 long; 21mm wideModel No.: 53075   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Luxe up your bedtime routine with this soft, lightweight pajama set featuring a lace-trimmed racerback tank and coordinating capris. includes tank and capris lace trim built-up racerback straps elastic waist rayon/spandex washable imported
Expand your fashion horizons with our hip graphic sharkbite hem tank top—a cool look on a warm day. scoopneck 26 length polyester/rayon machine wash, line dry imported
Perfect for dishes in a variety of sizes, this silicone lid set is airtight and provides a great barrier for keeping your favorite dishes covered. use to cover dishes airtight heat resistant up to 480 F microwave safe set includes: one 6 lid one 8.5 lid one 10 lid
Our Stafford classic-fit pants are perfect for your workday wear or dressy-casual weekend wear.●    wrinkle-free●    zip fly with button closure●    straight leg●    flat front●    classic fit●    polyester●    washable●    imported  
Go for an artistic look with this bedding set that features a bright tie-dye design. tie-dye design in purple and pink solid coordinating color on back coordinating diamond-pattern sheets and sham(s) sheet set fits mattresses up to 10 deep 5-piece Twin/Twin XL sets include: comforter sham flat sheet fitted sheet pillowcase 7-piece Full and Queen sets include: comforter 2 shams flat sheet fitted sheet 2 pillowcases Coordinating accessories sold separately. Twin/Twin XL, Full and Queen sets include standard sham(s) and pillowcase(s). Polyester comforter with polyester fill; polyester sham(s), flat sheet, fitted sheet and pillowcase(s). Washable. Imported. Twin/Twin XL: comforter is 64x86; sham is 26x20; flat sheet is 66x96; fitted sheet is 39x80; pillowcase is 30x20 Full: comforter is 76x86; shams are 26x20; flat sheet is 81x96; fitted sheet is 54x75; pillowcases are 30x20 Queen: comforter is 86x86; shams are 26x20; flat sheet is 102x90; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 30x20
Camo styling meets comfort with these crew socks that are ready for any outdoor adventure. ribbed cuffs for durability and snug fit cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 8-12 package of 3 pairs
Make the most of your precious time with baby by using our Duet Soothe Play Yard, the swing that lets you keep baby by your side. This ingenious swing has a seat that doubles as a rocker, giving you the flexibility to move around the house while keeping baby cozy and close. in swing mode, 3 seat positions give baby the option to sway side-to-side or swing back-and-forth in rocker mode, the carry handle makes it simple to keep baby by your side optional plug, vibration and music swing: for infants from 5.5-30 lbs. rocker: for infants from 5-18 lbs. swing: 33x34x43H rocker: 28x22.5x30H batteries required meets CPSC standards; meets FMVSS213 standards; FFA approved polyester/metal/plastic/foam clean with soap and water
Keep cool during your workout in our high-support sports bra, featuring back mesh construction and a keyhole for ventilation. supportive compression fit smooth band for comfort racerback moisture-wicking fabric keyhole for airflow nylon/spandex washable imported
Showcasing elegance and exquisite clarity, this personalized oversized wine glass is a great addition to any barware collection. can be engraved with a single block initial or a custom line (12-character maximum) 25-ounce capacity glass hand wash imported
Gray suede serves as the perfect backdrop for this bright and eye-catching necklace. Multicolor resin discs and black shells create a post-modern style statement.   Stones: Multicolor resin discs Other Stones: Black shells Length: 40 gray suede cord Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Move freely and feel good in this cotton tank from Nike. 100% cotton washable imported  
Choose a length that works best with your outfit with our comfy roll-cuff shorts.  zip fly and button closure 2 front slant pockets and 2 back pockets straight leg rolled cuffs 9 inseam unrolled cotton/spandex washable imported
Add a punch of paisley for maximum panache with this dapper bow tie from Stafford. pre tied polyester spot clean imported
Our slim-fit, bull-denim jeans from Arizona are designed to comfortably hold up to all your daily demands. sits just below waist slim fit through seat and thigh zip fly with button closure straight leg 5-pocket styling cotton washable imported
This sterling silver infinity ring with crystal embellishments is a small reminder that love is forever.   Metal: Sterling silver Stones: Crystals Dimensions: .2 wide Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
With yellow Minions on the dial, this flashing and sound watch will help your little one keep track of time with its easy-read digital format. A colorful print strap finishes its fun look.   Dial Color: Multicolor Strap: Multicolor plastic Bracelet Dimensions: 230mm long; 15mm wide Model No.: DMEKD085FLS   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Keep it cool in this soft tee with destructed v-neck and weathered graphic. v-neck short sleeves cotton/polyester washable imported
The perfect complement to any dinner party, this versatile dipping set can be used for everything from salsa and hummus to a cheese board or sushi platter.   individually sized porcelain bowls each bowl comes with a spoon to make serving easy tray can be used by itself as a serving tray presented in a gift box 9-piece set includes: 4 bowls 4 spoons tray Slate tray; porcelain bowls and spoons. Hand wash slate; porcelain items are dishwasher safe. Imported.
High-end design meets innovative space saving solution with this sleek and stylish Bionaire® Twin Ceramic Heater. digital thermostat easy-to-adjust LCD controls variable temperature settings Eco-Smart™ energy saving settings ideal for small bedrooms or offices built-in safety features to prevent over heating 1500 watt max 12.3x8.2x12.1H imported Always plug directly into the wall. Never use with an extension cord or relocatable power strip.Keep combustible materials at least 3 feet from the front of the heater and keep away from the sides and the rear.Never locate or use the heater where it may come in contact with water.
A handsome way to store your watches, this black faux leather watch box holds up to eight watches, as well as cash, photos and other personal effects.   curved, dome lid 8 sections, each with a removable padded watch cushion slim strap under lid can hold money, photos and more tabbed magnetic snap closure fiberboard with gray sueded fabric lining 9½x8¼x3¾H imported jewelry not included  
Give your space a romantic accent with this square decorative pillow featuring an eye-catching pleated design that coordinates perfectly with the Croscill Classics Luxembourg collection. square binded pillow pleated with solid on back measures 16x16 Polyester with polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
A casual classic that's easily dressed up, our ribbed knit tank top is a 7-day-a-week layering essential. coral: cotton/polyester/spandex all other colors: cotton/spandex washable imported  
Try a bow tie for a great alternative to a regular tie.   pre-tied satin polyester imported
A quick and easy outfit for any girl, this layered top will give her a fashion kick and the included necklace adds extra fun flair.  sleeveless duster over top side pockets duster: rayon/polyester/spandex; hand wash, dry flat top: polyester/rayon; washable imported  
Keep your look comfortably cool and never break a style sweat with our cocoon studio t-shirt. dolman sleeves v-neck approx. 27 - 28½ front length polyester/rayon washable imported
Super comfortable, super relaxed, cargo shorts are the ultimate summer shorts. Plus, you never know when all those pockets will come in handy.   continuous waistband sturdy belt loops bellowed cargo pockets single-welt back pockets orange locker loop and logo embroidery 11 inseam cotton washable imported
This 2-piece set, which features a camo-style polo shirt and a pair of corresponding cargo shorts, is sure to become your little one's new favorite outfit. short sleeves front button placket no-pinch elastic waistband polo: cotton/polyester shorts: 100% cotton washable imported
Poplin chino shorts by Arizona offer versatility and style that lasts. zip fly with button closure front slit pockets
Our Made for Life fitness leggings with a capri-length cut and cute ruching go from cardio to couch in comfort. mid rise straight leg side ruching with drawstrings 21 inseam black: cotton/spandex charcoal: cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Dangly and fun, our small-ball teardrop earrings will be a great addition to any look.  Metal: Silver-plated brass Back: Wire Dimensions: 0.7x1.75Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The hand-painted feel and gorgeous square design of this 16-piece dinnerware set make it a beautiful addition to any dinner party.   perfect for everyday use or special occasions earthenware microwave and dishwasher safe each mug has 12-ounce capacity imported 16-piece set includes: four 11” dinner plates four 8” salad plates four 7” bowls four 12-ounce mugs Due to the nature of reactive glaze, pieces may vary slightly in color and pattern. 
Wear our classic-fit sport coat with a shirt and tie or over jeans for different great looks.  classic fit notch lapel 2-button front 3 exterior pockets and 3 interior pockets side vents polyester/rayon polyester lining dry clean only imported
Be a sequin cowgirl in our two-pocket classic plaid shirt with a dazzling sequin yoke. approx. 28 - 29 length 100% cotton machine wash, line dry imported
Envelop your neck in ultimate softness in this faux-fur cowlneck scarf. 20x12 polyester washable imported
With their flattering flare-leg styling and classic 5-pocket design, our high-rise jeans will be your denim favorites. flare leg zip fly 5-pocket styling cotton/Tencel® lyocell/polyester/spandex washable imported misses: 33 inseam petite: 30½ inseam
Our 4-piece pajama set lets him take his love of Spiderman to bed with him for safe, dreamland adventures. 4-pieces; 2 tops, 2 bottoms elastic waistband short sleeves 100% cotton washable imported  For child's safety, garment should fit snugly. This garment is not flame resistant. Loose-fitting garment is more likely to catch fire.
Get back to basics with our short-sleeve v-neck tee by Arizona, which is perfect for pairing with your favorite jeans and shorts. v-neck short sleeves approx. 29-30¼ length cotton/polyester washable imported
Get him running in his favorites from Cars with these delightful Disney Cars sneakers.   construction plastic/polyester upper EVA sole details Cars print on side and tongue faux lace-up style with adjustable strap
Designed with classical renaissance in mind, this luxurious bed and nightstands accentuate your bedroom with European-inspired flair. mahogany construction with cathedral-grained cherry veneers butt-joint joinery each nightstand has 3 drawers queen bed: 65Wx95Dx65H king bed: 81Wx95Dx65H each nightstand: 26Wx18Dx30H assembly required; Phillips screwdriver needed imported
From Supreme—our most versatile drapery collection—comes this lined patio panel that gives you enhanced privacy with classic style.   finely slubbed, tightly woven fabric enhanced by an elegant, subtle sheen lined for an enhanced weight and feel weighted corners 5 header, 3 bottom hem, 1 side hem 4 back tabs Sold individually. Coordinating window treatments sold separately. Rayon/acetate with polyester lining. Dry clean. Imported.  
Your look will never veer off course when you adorn our smart pinstriped pants. elastic waist 2 front slant pockets cotton/polyester washable imported misses: 30 inseam misses short: 27½ inseam petite: 28½ inseam petite short: 27 inseam
Soft and pretty, our floral bubble top features a pleated shell with a knit cami underneath to provide polish and a smooth fit. ●    roundneck●    sleeveless●    invisible zipper●    polyester●    machine wash, line dry●    imported●    misses: 24-25½ length●    plus: 26-27 length  
Stay buttoned-up with low-key style in this sport shirt featuring a plaid design. point collar button front long sleeves 2 chest pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Show your sunny personality in our sleeveless dress, featuring a flowy alternative hem and an embellished neckline. scoopneck sleeveless back button 42 length from shoulder lined polyester machine wash, line dry imported
You'll feel sharp and polished in this perfect desk-to-dinner skirt suit set featuring textured tweed and a three-button closure. notch collar 23 jacket length skirt: back zipper closure 24 skirt length polyester dry clean only imported
At the end of a fun day, your girl will love letting her hair down and relaxing in these cozy Rapunzel pajamas. includes top and long fleece pants top: crewneck, long sleeves, ruffle hem pants: elastic waist polyester washable imported Fabric and fit are important safety considerations for children's sleepwear. Sleepwear should be flame resistant or snug-fitting to meet U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission sleepwear requirements.
true This top-freezer refrigerator has ample storage space, a factory-installed icemaker as well as adjustable shelves, providing you with superb functionality. #1 in quality and dependability among 14-18 cu. ft. refrigerators based on an independent study of property maintenance personnel. Source: The Stevenson Company, 2013—Market research company with over 20 years of experience in the appliance industry  ENERGY STAR® qualified upfront dual temperature controls regulate fresh food and freezer sections factory-installed icemaker adjustable glass shelves snack drawer conveniently stores favorite foods clear drawers make finding items quick and easy large door storage frees up valuable shelf space wire freezer shelf spillproof freezer floor wipes up easily for quick cleanup 18.2 cu. ft. capacity offers ample storage room 66⅝ x 29½ x 34½
Who's to say that playing a round in our stylish polo made with moisture-management and UPF 15 sun-block fabrics won't knock a stroke or two off your score? Airflux ventilation moisture absorbing technology UPF 15+ protection spread collar 3-button placket short sleeves polyester washable imported
Gain maximum traction and comfort in these sneakers designed for hard working professionals. construction leather upper rubber sole details 1¼” heel lace-up entry triple density, antifungal, antibacterial removable insole soft textile lining is moisture-wicking soft, breathable fabric is lightweight and shock absorbing provides great traction in any weather or conditions
Wear this sideways cross ring as a fashionable admission of your faith, or share it with some special for a meaning gift. Personalized with up to 8 letters, this statement maker is crafted of polished 14K yellow gold. Made in America. Metal: Rhodium-plated 14K yellow gold Personalize: Up to 8 letters in script font Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
What it is:A highly active cleanser with a trio of exfoliating acids and jojoba skin-polishing beads to revitalize skin.What it is formulated to do:AHA/BHA Cleanser revitalizes skin by gently exfoliating and polishing away dullness. Three exfoliating agentssalicylic acid, lactic acid, and glycolic acidreveal younger-looking skin by loosening dulling buildup on skin’s surface. Jojoba beads polish away debris, dryness, and roughness while moisturizing agent sodium PCA attracts water to the skin to help it retain plumpness and elasticity needed to function as a strong, healthy barrier. AHA/BHA Cleanser is recommended for use several times a week as the step one cleanser in any Murad Age® Reform regimen. It is formulated to reveal youthful skin as part of Dr. Murad’s Inclusive Health® system of care.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- PhthalatesWhat else you need to know:This product is scientifically proven, dermatologist developed, and tested on people, not animals.Suggested Usage:-Massage a small amount over dampened face and neck. -Rinse with warm water and pat dry.-Follow with a Murad step two treatment. Precautions:-For external use only.-Do not use around the eye area.-If contact occurs, rinse thoroughly with water.-Keep out of reach of children. Ingredients​ -Salicylic, Lactic, and Glycolic Acids: Provide gentle exfoliation, help reveal softer, smoother skin, and support natural cell turnover. -Jojoba Beads: Help remove dull, dry skin. -Sodium PCA: Helps keep skin hydrated. Water, Sodium Laureth Sulfate, Cocamidopropyl Betaine, Jojoba Esters, Acrylates Copolymer, Glycol Stearate, Butylene Glycol, Sodium PCA, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Sodium Ascorbyl Phosphate, Glycolic Acid, Lactic Acid, Salicylic Acid, Polyquaternium-4, Sodium Hydroxide, Sodium Chloride, Citric Acid, Disodium EDTA, Phenoxyethanol, Methylparaben, Propylparaben.
Keep her cool, comfortable and looking her adorable best in this cotton denim skort.   100% cotton washable imported
Give these ballet flats a try when you need a dose of fierce style with comfort you can feel all day. synthetic upper faux-skin design padded footbed for all-day comfort slip-resistant rubber sole
From the classroom to your after school hangout, this short-sleeve polo keeps you perfectly prepared with an easy-going style.    button placket stain resistant cotton/spandex washable imported 
Sporty fashion meets practical function with this chic, faux chronograph watch that's perfect for accessorizing your casual wear. Luminous hands and markers add to the look, while crystal accents on the bezel give it just enough bling to keep it feminine.   Dial Color: Silver-tone Strap: Blue, white or black silicone Accents: Crystal accents Clasp: Strap buckle Movement: Analog Case Width: 39mm Case Thickness: 11mm Bracelet Dimensions: 7⅔-8 long, 20mm wide Model No.:FMDJPS017 Special Features: Sporty look, fashionable colors, day/date display, luminous hands and markers, crystal accents along the bezel, silicone sport strap Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Our crinkle twinset—with its light, metallic enhanced fabric—can turn a basic skirt or pair of pants into part of a celebratory ensemble. includes cardigan and matching sleeveless shell crinkle 24¼ length from shoulder polyester/metallic knit polyester lining hand wash, line dry made in America RETURNS: This item must be returned in its original condition with the green return tag in place.
Our dot sweater tights deliver exceptional warmth and endless styling options in a textured knit that's as comfortable as it is stretchy. acrylic/polyester/spandex washable imported
This hands-free gate—which gently closes behind you—features a dual-sided foot pedal for easy operation, as well as a comfort grip handle for traditional gate access. .75x30x32H fits openings 30-45 wide pressure mounted installation dual sided foot pedal allows hands-free operation optional comfort grip handle auto-close door silver and black finish assembly required, instructions included metal wipe with damp cloth imported
Give her the ring she's always dreamed of with this absolutely gorgeous 1 ct. round diamond solitaire.   Metal: 14K white gold Stones: 1 ct. round diamond solitaire Color: I Clarity: I2 Setting: Prong Gallery Height: 6.4mm Diamond solitaire weights may vary between .01 and .05 carat. Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Give her athletic style a new look with these fun printed yoga capris from Xersion. slim fit elastic waist cotton/spandex washable imported
Create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement with this loveseat/chaise sectional featuring track arms and luxurious fabric upholstery.   sturdy oak and plywood frame glued and stapled joinery sinuous spring system reversible cushions filled with upholstery foam removable feet includes 2 accent pillows Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester linen blend; 92% polyester, 8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top Hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Sectional measures 120Wx153Dx36H overall with a 20 seat height, 24 seat depth and 22 seat back height. Made in America.
Whether cooking eggs, meats or veggies, the raised edge of this convenient backsplash griddle allows for easy flipping.    high sides keep splatters contained sloped design drains oils forward into a collection well for disposal nonstick coated for easy food release Cast aluminum. Measures 12x14¼. Hand wash. Made in America.  
Accent your room with the subtle woven detail on the finials of this adjustable curtain rod. 1 diameter telescoping rod rod length excludes finials; add 3 to each end for finials allow 3.5 clearance for rod steel imported
Sleek vertical seams offer definition and shape to our flattering leather jacket.   button front leather professionally leather clean only imported
Easy, slip-on flats create comfort all through the day for you. canvas upper ½ heel Soft Comfort sock leather sole
Clean-lined briefcase is design with the busy professional in mind.   triple compartment for storing all your essentials interior pockets Leather. Measures 16&frac12x6x11½H. Imported.
With ultra-heavyweight fabric, these sweatpants are about as sturdy as you’ll find for a hard day of yard work. Or touch football. The yard work can wait until tomorrow.   ultra heavyweight fabric elastic waistband with drawstring side pockets cotton/polyester washable imported
Our pleated maxi dress offers a flowy, free spirit look that will suit many occasions. Slip on a jacket or cardigan for even more versatility. scoopneck elastic waist 61 length from shoulder lined polyester washable imported
These strappy peep-toe flats look great with your favorite summer dress or beach outfit.   synthetic upper peep toe cushioned insole rubber sole  
Wake up your breakfast or brunch menu with crispy, delicious waffles made with this durable, dependable waffle iron. Stainless steel housing features nonstick baking plates. Custom-control knobs for perfect browning. Heavy weight lid won't rise during baking so your waffles brown evenly on both sides.   red and green ready-to-bake/ready-to-eat indicator lights 5-setting brown control with regulating thermostat recipe book included. 1000W
Made with soft cotton and spandex for stretch, these dress socks offer all-day comfort and whimsical style to your workday. reinforced toe cotton/nylon/spandex washable imported sock size 10-13 fits shoe sizes 6-12½
Accessorize with our 14K yellow gold solid chain necklace and you can be confident you are wearing a quality piece.   Metal: 14K yellow gold Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 22 long Perfectina chain; 020 gauge   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
Your little one will be head over heels for making her bed with this novelty pillow featuring a cute rabbit face and bendable ears.   embroidered face floppy ears with bow detail measures 12x18 Polyester with cotton back and polyester fill. Spot clean. Imported.
Serving brownies and other treats has never been easier than with the Cake Boss brownie spatula that is easy on nonstick surfaces. It’s the handy helper when transferring hot cookies from a baking sheet to a cooling rack, loosening the sides of a baked sheet cake from the pan, and for cutting and serving moist pound cakes.   sturdy nylon construction is safe for use with all types of bakeware, including nonstick pans has the flexibility needed to cut cleanly in, around and under delicious treat soft-grip handle is rubberized for a comfortable, confident grasp hole in the handle allows it to hang for convenient storage heat safe to 350°F Nylon. Dishwasher safe. Imported.  
On your next excursion, take along a lightweight Adventure Sport duffel bag to cover all your traveling needs.   soft-sided for flexibility to fit in various sized spaces large main compartment locking telescopic handle 36 rolling duffel measures 36x13x13½. Polyester. Nylon zippers. Imported.
Keep out light and noise with this blackout curtain panel that adds style to your room. blocks light and reduces noise 6 matte silver grommets for easy hanging 2⅜ grommet opening sold individually polyester with acrylic backing washable imported
Sporty with a feminine edge, this Made for Life dress keeps you dry, cool and comfortable.●    quick-dri technology●    Johnny collar●    sleeveless●    polyester●    washable●    imported  
With bow, ruffle and bold print details, this Little Lass two-piece set is the trifecta of cuteness. includes top and jogger pants top: crewneck, short sleeves, textured knit, bow at chest, ruffle hem pants: elastic waist, 2 pockets polyester/spandex washable imported
true This spacious refrigerator from Samsung features sophisticated cooling and a FlexZone™ bottom-right door you can set as a refrigerator or freezer. Its Triple Cooling System maintains optimal conditions to help keep your perishable food and produce fresher, longer. ENERGY STAR® qualified premium external filtered water ad ice dispenser easily accommodates pitchers and tall glasses Ice Master ice maker in the refrigerator saves room and makes up to 5 lbs. of ice a day and can store up to 2.9 lbs. Ice Blue Digital Display allows you to easily control settings at the touch of a button Triple Cooling system features 3 evaporators for precise temperature and humidity control in all zones versatile, bottom-right door can be a fridge or freezer, maximizing fresh food storage space 5 tempered glass spill-proof shelves (1 slide-in, 1 foldable half, 3 fixed) 2 clear crispers 6 crystal door bins 4.5 cu. ft. freezer capacity 20 cu. ft. capacity LED lighting gently brightens the interior alarm alerts you when any refrigerator door is open more than 2 minutes available in stainless steel and black stainless steel 4-door French door refrigerator with 2 fresh food doors, 1 freezer door and 1 FlexZone™ bottom right door
Exquisitely simple, this open teardrop pendant showcases ribbons of blue and clear crystals that embrace at the bottom. It's a beautiful way to add a touch of color and sparkle.   Metal: Pure silver-plated metal Stones: Montana blue and clear crystals Closure: Spring-ring Length: 18 silver-plated cable chain Pendant Size: .57x1.12 Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.   
Look sharp  in our mini box polo, featuring a chest pocket and side vents for a cool, comfortable look.  2-button half placket short sleeves chest pocket side vents cotton/polyester washable imported
Recaro takes their four decades of racing seat safety and applies that technology into the side-impact protection of the Performance Ride Car Seat. The new HERO harness safety system resists harness twisting while ensuring proper chest clip positioning. Plus, being a convertible seat means you can use it from day one up to 65 lbs. mesh side vents easy-adjust no re-thread harness memory foam removable cup holder chest-clip storage pockets 5-point harness system polyester; polyurethane foam filling hand wash, line dry 15x24x28-29 for use by children 5-65 lbs. (rear-facing 5-40 lbs.; forward-facing 20-65 lbs.) National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) certified fully assembled made in America
Allover pointelle styling on our loose-weave sweater will add a delicate layer to your look. cotton/acrylic/polyester machine wash, dry flat imported misses: 24 - 25½ length petite: 22½ - 24½ length
Our ballerina-style slippers in delicate satin are cute and comfy.   shimmering satin fabric upper satin string bow for a feminine touch nylon/spandex machine wash, dry flat imported sizes: S(5-6), M(6½-7½), L(8-9), XL(9½-10½) soft suede sole
Add an elegant touch to your window with our Camilla Roman shade featuring a lovely floral print. Custom made to the exact width and length you need, it's ideal for a large or hard-to-fit window.   fabric lies flat when down and folds neatly as the shade is raised cord wrap bracket lets you position the shade where you want and keeps the cord neatly out of the way floral print shade with coordinating solid valance Sold individually. Polyester. Window must be at least 1¼ deep for inside mount; 1⅝ deep for inside flush mount. Mounting hardware included. Spot clean. Imported. For current pricing, measure your windows, fill in the form below and click on Calculate Price. These blinds are shipped directly from the supplier to you; allow up to 5 weeks plus transit for delivery anywhere in the 48 contiguous United States. Custom blinds, shades and draperies are custom fabricated to your specifications. To receive a refund, you must cancel the order within 24 hours of the initial transaction.
Our no-wrinkle khakis are an excellent and easy staple to any man’s business casual wardrobe. comfort waistband button closure no wrinkles permanent crease flat front straight leg comfort fit cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
Built for all-day comfort, these rugged, athletic-inspired work shoes give you instant flexibility—no break-in period required. technology oil-, heat- and abrasion-resistant upper material dual-density EVA midsole construction nubuck/nylon mesh upper slip-resistant rubber sole details nylon mesh lining steel toe molded sockliner for added comfort
Perfect for keeping items like pillows, blankets and books out of the way, this bonded leather storage bench is a sleek solution for a variety of home needs.   solid hardwood frame finger-joint joinery dark bonded leather seat filled with upholstery foam spacious interior storage compartment with hinged lid espresso-finished wood legs 250-pound weight capacity Upholstery is bonded leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 51Wx19Dx16H. Imported.
Perfect for keeping your home clutter-free, this storage ottoman features decorative stitching, button accents and a classic square shape.   solid hardwood frame finger-joint joinery seat filled with upholstery foam spacious interior storage compartment with a hinged lid espresso-finished wood legs 250-pound weight capacity Measures 29Wx29Dx17H. Spot clean. Assembly required. Imported.
Get chic style and highlight your favorite room with this inspired rug. chic modern look synthetic ¼ pile height ½ overall height      Stain Resistant: No      Fade Resistant: No      Slip Resistant: No      Fire Retardant: No      Rug Pad Recommended: Yes      Use: Indoor      Care Instructions: Professional clean      Origin: imported
What it is: An ultra-lightweight, ionized, water-based serum concealer with buildable and natural-looking coverage. What it does: Reduce the look of imperfections and nourish skin with this water-based, Aqua Glow™ Serum Concealer. It blends seamlessly to give you natural-looking, buildable-to-full coverage. Infused with an innovative Electrolyte Balance System that's formulated with ionized water, advanced hyaluronic acid, and essential minerals, the serum formula helps hydrate and support the skin while instantly concealing the appearance of dark circles, blemishes, and skin imperfections. It melts into your skin without settling into fine lines for invisible, weightless coverage. What it is formulated WITHOUT: - Parabens - Sulfates - PhthalatesSuggested Usage: -Using your fingers or stila’s One Step Complexion Brush #33 (sold separately), apply sparingly where coverage is needed.Size:0.23 ozIngredients:Water, Dimethicone, Phenyl Trimethicone, Glycerin, Caprylic/Capric Triglyceride, Ethylhexyl Palmitate, Polyglyceryl-6 Polyricinoleate, Pentylene Glycol, Butyrospermum Parkii (Shea) Butter, Isododecane, Octyldodecyl Neopentanoate, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Polyglyceryl-2 Isostearate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Polysilicone-11, Lecithin, Stearic Acid, Methyl Methacrylate Crosspolymer, Enteromorpha Compressa Extract, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Tocopherol, Tocopheryl Acetate, Tetrahexyldecyl Ascorbate, Hydrogenated Lecithin, Xanthan Gum, Squalane, Silica, Butylene Glycol, Phytantriol, Panthenol, Simethicone, Polymethylsilsesquioxane, Saccharomyces/Magnesium Ferment, Saccharomyces/Copper Ferment, Saccharomyces/Silicon Ferment, Saccharomyces/Zinc Ferment, Saccharomyces/Iron Ferment, Stearoyl Inulin, Sodium Anisate, Sodium Levulinate, Decyl Glucoside, Disodium Stearoyl Glutamate, Phospholipids, Sea Salt Extract, Propanediol, Aluminum Dimyristate, Ethylhexylglycerin, Tromethamine, Propylene Carbonate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Sodium Hyaluronate Crosspolymer, Mica (Ci 77091), Potassium Sorbate, Sodium Benzoate, Caprylyl Glycol, Hexylene Glycol, Phenoxyethanol, Disodium Edta. (+/-): Titanium Dioxide (Ci 77891), Iron Oxides (Ci 77491, Ci 77492, Ci 77499), Carmine (Ci 75470),Ultramarines (Ci 77007), Chromium Oxide Greens (Ci 77288), Chromium Hydroxide Green (Ci 77289). Contains carmine as a color additive.
Comfortably resilient, this reclining sharkfin-arm sectional gives you a relaxed retreat in any living space with its comfortable, stylish design and signature details.   solid hardwood, pine and plywood frame zig-zag springs seat cushions filled with upholstery foam; back cushions filled with polyester fiber easy-to-use reclining mechanism 3-piece sectional includes: Left-arm reclining loveseat: 54Wx40Dx39H Right-arm reclining loveseat: 54Wx40Dx39H Wedge: 70Wx44Dx39H Upholstery is 100% polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Imported.
Head to the gym in our mesh tank top, featuring a space dye print for a colorful athletic look. ●    scoopneck●    polyester●    washable●    imported
This Underscore bra features a wire-free design with just the right amount of support.   durable fabric and seamed cups provide exceptional support underbust band provides a comfortable, snug fit preventing ride up nylon/spandex washable imported
Our Wirefree Sports Bra is made from a 2-ply, incredibly soft breathable cotton that’s optimal for light to moderate exercise. You need a bra that works just as hard as you do at the gym, and Leading Lady’s Wirefree Sports Bra will support your active lifestyle.  full coverage  generous cups accommodate a three-size range and don’t crowd chest space for a less sweaty gym routine wide, no-slip straps support and distribute weight over the shoulders           racerback gray: cotton/polyester/spandex other colors: cotton/spandex hand wash, line dry imported
The adjustable strap on our thong sandals gives her a customized fit and the thong cutouts add a touch of design-flair to her look.   polyurethane upper cutout details adjustable buckle strap thermoplastic rubber sole
Perfect for cooking rice, beans, stews and soups, calderos are the workhorses of any Latin kitchen due to their versatile, unique design.   sturdy cast aluminum construction provides superior heat distribution nonstick coating allows for easy food release and cleanup wide handles for easy support tight-fitting lid oven safe up to 500°F Cast aluminum. Dishwasher safe. Imported.
Create an easygoing yet sophisticated custom seating arrangement with this chaise sectional featuring roll arms and luxurious fabric upholstery.   sturdy oak and plywood frame glued and stapled joinery sinuous spring system reversible cushions filled with upholstery foam removable feet includes 2 accent pillows Fabric options: Lindy fabric: durable polyester linen blend; 92% polyester, 8% linen Geo fabric: herringbone microfiber; 100% polyester Top Hat fabric: durable microfiber velvet; 100% polyester Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Made in America. Sectional measures 107Wx82Dx36H overall with a 20 seat height, 24 seat depth and 22 seat back height and includes: Left-arm loveseat: 68Wx39Dx36H Right-arm chaise: 39Wx82Dx36H
Make your everyday style more easy-care in this wrinkle-free shirt from Dockers. big and tall fit wrinkle-free fabric button-down collar button front long sleeves chest pocket with logo embroidery cotton/polyester washable imported
This sweet lamb blanket is the perfect cuddle-time companion for your sleepy baby. pacifier loop rattles polyester washable imported pacifier not included
Both timeless and elegant, these counter-height dining chairs combine traditional elements of cane work and latticework for a look that’s sophisticated yet obtainable.   sturdy rubberwood construction handsome finish traditional cane and latticework details 24¾ seat height elegant, cream-colored cotton/polyester cushions designed to prevent cracking and splitting from changes in temperature or humidity Each chair measures 18½x20½x42½H. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Assembly required. Imported.
Intricate gold-tone metalwork and pretty floral drops bring fresh color and easy style to any wardrobe.Metal: Gold-tone brassStones: Peach and light pink stonesOther Stones: CrystalsBack: FrictionJewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This bedding set features an elegant light blue and white design and comes complete with the accessories you need for a beautiful overhaul to the look of your bed. Aztec-inspired embroidery in light blue on crisp white background decorative pillows feature embroidered details to accent the look sheet set fits mattresses up to 15 deep 13-piece Queen sets include: comforter 2 shams 2 euro shams flat sheet fitted sheet bedskirt with 15 drop 3 decorative pillows 2 pillowcases 14-piece King sets include: comforter 2 shams 3 Euro shams flat sheet fitted sheet bedskirt with 15 drop 3 decorative pillows 2 pillowcases Euro shams require a 26 square pillow form, sold separately. Queen sets include standard shams and pillowcases. King sets include king shams and pillowcases. Polyester comforter and decorative pillows with polyester fill; polyester shams, Euro shams, sheets and bedskirt. Washable; spot clean decorative pillows. Imported. Queen: comforter is 92x92; shams are 30x20; Euro shams are 26x26; flat sheet is 90x102; fitted sheet is 60x80; pillowcases are 30x20; bedskirt is 60x80; decorative pillows are 12x12 (2) and 14x8 King: comforter is 106x92; shams are 36x20; Euro shams are 26x26; flat sheet is 108x102; fitted sheet is 78x80; pillowcases are 40x20; bedskirt is 78x80; decorative pillows are 12x12 (2) and 14x8
What it is: A small, dome-shaped concealer brush.What it does: Ideal for concealer application and for layering foundation, this dome-shaped brush provides precise application and coverage of undereye darkness, spots, and blemishes. The birch wood handle allows for steady application and is resistant to chipping.What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates- Synthetic Fragrances- Synthetic Dyes- Petrochemicals- Phthalates- GMOs- TriclosanWhat else you need to know: This brush is PETA approved, vegan, and cruelty free.Suggested Usage:-Apply liquid, cream, or powder texture to the tip of the brush.-Blend and layer in areas where additional coverage is needed.-Use this brush in a patting motion to build extra coverage.Size:1
Discover sophistication in an updated way with this gorgeous track-arm chair and side table set featuring a mix of classic design and modern details. hand-carved birch frame glued, stapled and corner-blocked joinery cushions filled with high-density upholstery foam 3-piece set includes: 2 oval-back chairs side table Upholstery is polyester. Spot clean with a clean, damp cloth or have professionally cleaned. Assembly required. Imported. Each chair: 24Wx27Dx40H with an 18 seat height, 20 seat depth and 24 seat height Table: 19Wx19Dx20H
Wear this engraved name bar necklace to personalize your look. Works great layered with other necklaces. Maximum 10 characters. Made in America. Metal: Sterling silver Closure: Spring-ring Dimensions: 18 long curb chain Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
With mesh for ventilation, sweat-wicking fabric and a tight, supportive fit, our Nike pants are designed to provide you exercise-friendly clothing for your active lifestyle. adjustable waistband mid rise tight, tapered fit Dri-FIT fabric approx. 31½ inseam polyester/spandex washable imported
This rug features a chalkboard style wine theme with rich colors that are a perfect accent for your kitchen. tufted construction durable, easy-care nylon crafted in America ⅜ overall thickness Stain Resistant: Yes Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Latex Fire Retardant: Yes Rug Pad Needed: No, the latex backing provides slip resistance and protection for underlying floors. Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Washable. Origin: Made in America
Spice up your warm-weather wardrobe with our short-sleeve tee, featuring an intricate lace yoke for added detail. v-neck short sleeves lace yoke 26 length polyester washable imported
Be ready to dazzle in our charming sleeveless floral-print poplin dress with crochet straps. 35 length from shoulder fully lined bra cups 100% cotton washable imported
Unleash your inner adventurer with our rugged water-resistant Mack Boots from Propet.   technology Rejuve Motion Technology™ for natural foot movement Scotchgard™ treatment repels water and resists stains construction suede/synthetic upper rubber sole details lace up cushioned EVA midsole maintains all day comfort nylon sockliner padded collar and tongue
Create a relaxing environment anywhere with this mini-soundspa white noise machine that emanates calming sounds to help you unwind. 4 relaxation sounds perfect for travel requires 3 AAA batteries, not included  auto-off timer Plastic. Measures 3.75x1.15x5.25H. Imported.
Uncomplicate his morning with these fuss-free, pull-on shorts.   elastic waist mock fly with chalk button no-wrinkle fabric 2 front pockets, 1 back pocket twill cotton/polyester washable imported
With a soft ambient glow, this unique candle set flickers and dances just like conventional candles. They're perfect for indoor and outdoor use to decorate tables, use in lanterns or place in windowsills. flameless LED design realistic look built-in timer weather resistant plastic imported 3-piece set includes: 3x4.5 candle 3.6 candle 3.9 candle
Worthington curvy-fit trouser-leg pants, our new classic with a more contoured fit, are designed to flatter shapes with full hips and smaller waists, leaving no gape in back.   sits at the waist contoured shape from hip to thigh inside waistband extension for a smoother front two back faux pockets zip front with hook & bar closure blind hem tape for easy alterations  35½ inseam career chambray: polyester/rayon/spandex  white: cotton/spandex indigo: cotton/polyester/spandex all other colors are: polyester/rayon/spandex washable imported
Your initials elegantly intertwine to give this script monogram ring its beauty and originality. Initials will appear exactly as entered. Must be three letters, center initial will be enlarged. Made in America.   Metal: 14K gold over sterling silverPersonalize: Up to 3 script initials; initials will appear exactly as entered; center initial will be enlarged Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The perfect unique accent, create a personalized vertical name pendant necklace with your choice of sterling silver, 10K gold or 14K gold. Made in America.   Metal: Sterling silver, 10K white or yellow gold; 14K white or yellow goldClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 18 long cable chainPendant Size: 24x7mmPersonalization: Up to 9 characters   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.  
Add some chic charm to your casual style with our timeless denim skirt, featuring a fun lace-up design. mid rise 4-pocket styling 22 length denim cotton/spandex washable imported
Featuring a seamless, full-coverage fit, this Maidenform crop bra is the perfect start to a great outfit. full coverage seamless v-neck foldover elastic straps nylon/spandex washable imported
Lay it on the line with this rug featuring stripes in varying widths and bold colors that stretch across for a fabulously fun look.   easy-care, washable design is perfect in a kitchen, mudroom or laundry room hand-carved pile for added dimension hand-hooked construction highly durable polyester 0.4 pile height; 0.5 overall thickness measures 20x30 Stain Resistant: No Fade Resistant: Yes Slip Resistant: Yes Rug Backing: Cotton/polyester Fire Retardant: No Rug Pad Recommended: No Use: Indoor Care Instructions: Spot clean. Machine wash; drip or line dry. Origin: Imported  
Same warmth, just with a bit more style, this peak hat covered in classic braided cable knit livens up your winter-weather accessory collection. 7½x9½ with a 2 peak acrylic hand wash, dry flat imported
Large links are the hallmark of this gold-tone beauty that will look as slick with your tee and jeans as it does with a three-piece suit.   Metal: Gold-tone metal Closure: Lobster clasp Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
The Hollandia Amsterdam F1 28 gives you the modern convenience of gearing while maintaining that classic Dutch cruiser look. The simple lines of the steel step-through frame are complemented by the clean look of the 3-speed internal hub.  With large fenders, rear rack and fully enclosed chainguard, the Amsterdam F1 28 is ideal for commuting or the occasional ride around town.   Frame/Fork: 18 Hi-Ten Steel step through city bike frame with steel forks Wheels/Tires: Aluminum rim 28x1.75 tire with white strip side wall Drivetrain: Shimano Nexus 3 speed, three piece crank, Shimano Nexus twist shifter Brakes/Cockpit: Rear Shimano drum brake, front V-brake, Promax alloy stem, steel riser handlebar comfort saddle Extras: Full chainguard, front rear fenders, headlight Dimensions: 74x25x43 Assembly Required: Yes, tools included Care: Wipe clean Country of Origin: Imported
Comfort with style sewn right in, our Levi's colorblocked raglan t-shirt is ready for anything. crewneck 3-button placket chest pocket short raglan sleeves colorblocking cotton/polyester washable imported
Softened by fashionable tapered feet, this ottoman features clean, rectangular styling elements and a handsome finish that stands out in any space.   hardwood, softwood and engineered wood frame pinned and glued joinery premium elastic webbing cushion filled with polyurethane foam and a bonded polyester comfort layer removable feet Leather options: Metro: This leather has more modern appeal and a subtle two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Vintage: This leather has a very supple feel and features a two-tone finish. It features both top grain and split leathers. Boulevard: This leather has a more high-end appearance with its pebble grain look and features top-grain leather. Leather definitions: Top-grain leather: This leather comes from the top layer of the cowhide. It is the thickest part of the hide, which provides superior durability. Generally, top-grain hides are minimally processed to provide a softer feel and display more natural character. Split leather: This leather is the result of splitting the hide to separate the top layer (top grain) from the second layer (split). Split leather is usually placed on the outside arm, back panels and front seat rail of furniture. Upholstery is leather. Spot clean with a dry cloth; avoid direct heat and sunlight. Measures 23Wx23Dx17H. Imported.
This silver-tone necklace features three gorgeous flowers for the perfect addition to your girly style.  Metal: Silver-tone metalStones: Glass stonesClosure: Lobster claspDimensions: 19 long adjustable cable chain   Jewelry photos are enlarged to show detail.
This colorful training shirt combines the moisture-wicking capability of climalite® with mesh shoulders for breathability. climalite moisture-wicking fabric mesh shoulders for increased breathability crewneck left chest logo print short sleeves polyester washable imported  
Lean into high-speed turns with this sleek remote control motorcycle. Leans up to 45 degrees for accurate control on high-performance rubber grip tires. wireless remote control rubber-grip tires 9½ x 4½ x 6 plastic/metal 5 AA batteries and 1 9V battery not included for ages 6+ imported Warning: Choking hazard. Small parts, not suitable for children under 3 years  
What it is:A multitasking eye perfector with SPF that conceals, brightens, and hydrates the delicate eye area. What it is formulated to do:- A multitasking eye perfector - Features SPF 20 sun protection- Comes in one shadeThis versatile eye brightener helps to prevent dark circles, puffiness, and pigmentation while providing potent antiaging benefits. A self-adjusting shade formulated for all skin types, this must-have BB perfects and protects the delicate eye area and features an easy-to-use pump for flawless application. What it is formulated WITHOUT:- Parabens- Sulfates - PhthalatesSuggested Usage:-Apply a small amount to fingertip and apply around orbital bone with a gentle patting motion. -Apply in the AM before or after appropriate boscia BB Cream. Ingredients​ -Matrixyl 3000: Provides visible anti-wrinkle/lifting effect; supports natural cell renewal and collagen production. -Eyeliss: Reduces puffiness and dark circles by firming and decreasing redness. -Wakame: Brightens skintone and diminishes the look of dark circles. -Saliporine-8: Increases skin's natural moisturizing factor to increase water contact. -Titanium Dioxide 6.45%: Sunscreen.1,2-Hexanediol, Algae Extract, Allantoin, Alumina, Arginine, Bakuchiol, Butylene Glycol, Caprylic/ Capric Triglyceride, Caprylyl Glycol, Caprylyl Methicone, Carbomer, Cetyl PEG/PPG-10/1 Dimethicone, Citrus Aurantium Amara (Bitter Orange) Flower Extract, Cyclopentasiloxane, Dimethicone/Vinyl Dimethicone Crosspolymer, Dipeptide-2, Dipotassium Glycyrrhizate, Disteardimonium Hectorite, Epilobium Angustifolium Extract, Glycereth-26, Glycerin, Helianthus Annuus (Sunflower) Seed Oil, Hesperidin Methyl Chalcone, Hydroxyethylcelluose, Iron Oxides (CI 77491), Iron Oxides (CI 77492), Iron Oxides (CI 77499), Isopropyl Titanium Triisostearate, Lactobacillus Ferment, Methicone, Mica, Neopentyl Glycol Dicaprate, Palmitoyl Oligopeptide, Palmitoyl Tetrapeptide-7, Panthenol, PEG/ PPG-20/15 Dimethicone, PEG-10 Dimethicone, Polypropylsilsesquioxane, Polysorbate 20, Salicornia Herbacea Extract, Silica, Simmondsia Chinensis (Jojoba) Seed Extract, Sodium Chloride, Sodium PCA, Steareth- 20, Tocopheryl Acetate, Triethoxycaprylylsilane, Trimethylsiloxysilicate, Undaria Pinnatifida Extract, Water.
With figure-flattering bootcut legs, our 5-pocket stretch jeans are weekend must-haves. button closure with zip fly five-pocket styling misses: 33 inseam misses short: 31 1/2 inseam petites: 31 inseam petite short: 29 inseam cotton/rayon/polyester/spandex washable imported
Your girl will love snuggling up in this ultra-soft blanket from Carter's. embroidered 100% cotton washable imported
Every man should have our easy, comfortable and stylish pair of khakis that are perfect for a full range of outfits. Individual Fit® waistband button closure flat front no wrinkles permanent crease stretch fit cotton/polyester/spandex washable imported
What it is:A multi-functioning, double-ended tool for applying brow and hair powder. What it does:This dual-purpose brush is an essential for creating flawless brows. Ideal for use with tarte’s Amazonian clay volumizing brow and hair powder, it releases pigment with precision to fill in sparse areas on the brow and scalp. It is eco-friendly, featuring sustainably harvested bamboo and soft, synthetic bristles.Suggested Usage:-For best results, use with Amazonian Clay Volumizing Brow and Hair Powder.-Simply trace the angled, precision end along your natural arch to create defined and beautiful brows. -Use the denser side of the double-ended brush to fill in more sparse areas on the brow and scalp to create a voluminous, weightless finish.
These Dickies carpenter jeans are so great you'll want to wear them even when you're not on the job.   relaxed fit through seat and thigh sits slightly below the waist heavy-duty brass zipper standard pockets double tool pocket on left leg hammer loop utility loop triple-stitched seams rivets at all stress points fits over work boots durable 12-oz. cotton duck washable imported    
